Milestone 1: Project Setup + Full Authentication
Laravel + Inertia.js + TailwindCSS setup
1: Authentication system ✅
2: Full Auth Features:
 * Registration ✅
 * Login/Logout ✅
 * Password Reset (via email) ✅
 * Email Verification ✅
 * Optional: 2-Factor Authentication (using email or TOTP app) ** Will be Added If Needed ** ❌
 * Dashboard shell layout (sidebar + header) ✅
 * Toggle For Dark Mode And Light Mode ✅
 * Define and implement 4 distinct user roles:(Admin, Customer, Collaborator, Supplier) ✅
 * General Settings, Smtp Settings, Role Settings ✅




Milestone 2: Supplier, Collaborator, and Smartphone Management, posts management And More...!,
1: Collaborators Module: ✅
- Full CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete).
- Referral Code Generation

2: Suppliers Module: ✅
- CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality to manage smartphone suppliers.
- Prevent Deletion Less Than 5 years Supplier

3: Smartphone Management: ✅
- CRUD with barcode/manual entry
- Image upload support for smartphone listing.
- UPC/EAN Code Scanning From Barcode

4: Posts Management: ✅
- CRUD for Posts

- Track Posts View Count
- Location Tracking And URL Generation
- QR Code Generation
- pre-filled floor field — from B15 (Basement 15) to F167 (Floor 167). (The current tallest building has 165 floors, and the 167-floor building is under construction.)

5: Bookmark module ✅
- CRUD for Bookmarks
- Show Bookmarked Posts in the System

6: Google Api Integration ✅
7: Barcode Scanning ✅
8: Floors Module (Full CRUD With Showing in the posts module) ✅
9: color Settings (Full CRUD) ✅
10: model name settings (Full CRUD) ✅
11: capacity settings (Full CRUD) ✅
12: storage location Settings (Full CRUD) ✅
13: currency settings (Full CRUD With Showing Active Currency In The System) ✅
14: Batches (Full CRUD With Automatic Calculation Total Batch Amount And Unit Price) ✅
15: Inventory (Full CRUD With Full Stock Tracking Also With Batch Quantity, Also Barcode Scanning Logic Added ) ✅
16: Laravel Horizon Added For Monitoring And Boosting Laravel Queue Workers ✅
17: Integration With AWS ✅

18: Batch Invoice Saving In Batch ✅
19: OnAll Settings Modules Back Button Will Be Added ✅
20: Automatically Adding # In Tag If Not Given ✅
21: Auto Adjusting To High Resolution Provided images
22: In Posts View Section Adjust The Swiper Slider So It Wont Show Empty Spaces In Top and bottom ✅


23: Users Module✅
    - CRUD For Users
    - User Active And In-Active Status To Prevent Accessing On Dashboard

24: Additional Fee List Module And Linked It to Smartphone For Sale Module With Select input For Selection directly ✅
More Additional Work
As per your suggestions, here’s how I plan to implement the inventory registration flow:

Settings / Configuration Phase ✅
The modules for Brand Name List, Capacity List, Color List, and Storage Location List are already completed, so no further changes are needed here.

Smartphone Module ✅
I will remove the selling price field from this module.
All other fields (brand, capacity, color, image, etc.) will remain unchanged.

Batches Module ✅
All existing columns will remain the same.
I will add a VAT number field.
Functionality will be added to create inventory items directly while registering a batch.
The total quantity will be calculated automatically based on the number of phones added, so manual input is no longer needed.

Inventory List Menu ✅
This already shows all relevant information, including model, batch, storage location, quantity, status, and serial number.
No major changes are needed here.

Product-for-Sale Module ✅
A new module will be created to register products for sale from Smartphone.
Users will select smartphones from the inventory, manually input the selling price, and add any additional fees (similar to extra costs in the batches module).
The final selling price will be automatically calculated at the end.

This approach ensures a smooth, UX-friendly workflow, where purchases are linked directly to inventory, and products can be listed for sale efficiently with accurate cost tracking.





Milestone 3:System Enhancements & Order Flow / Payment Handling

Issue: Sidebar Settings Menu Not Showing On Mobile

Collaborator Module Updates ✅
I will be updating the Collaborator module to include the following missing fields:
Address
Bank Account Number
Manually Point accumulation Rate Input in Collaborator Module For Seprate Rate Tracking And Points Assigning If Not Set than we will take point accumulation rate from settings
These additions will ensure complete information is captured for each collaborator.


Category & Distributor Module  ✅
A Category Module will be created to manage product categories.
Each Distributor will be assigned to a specific category.
When an order is placed for a product in that category, the customer will instantly see the distributor’s account number for payment.
Collaborator Bank Account: Only used internally for paying commissions; not shown to customers.
Distributor Scope: Exclusive to the assigned category or region.
Collaborator Role: Functions as a salesperson or sales company, assisting with orders but not handling customer payments directly.
Commission Rates: Both distributor and collaborator commission rates will be configurable in the settings And Also can be given commission Rates seprately.
Distributors: Predefined per category; no manual assignment needed initially.


Additional Feature – Discount/Reward Points ✅
Super admin can set a point accumulation rate per collaborator.
Customers earn points based on purchase amount.
Points can be used like cash within the site, valid for five years, and automatically deleted if unused.


Invoice Management ✅
Invoice Format: Design is flexible; I will implement it following the required flow and fields.
Invoice Download: Only possible after payment is manually confirmed by the admin. ✅
Tracking Link: Each invoice will include a link at the bottom to dynamically track shipment status from the site. ✅

Invoice Types ✅
Order Form: Basic order details (customer name, address, etc.). ✅
Order Form (+ QR): For domestic shipping in Korea and internal management. ✅
Can be downloaded/printed immediately after payment confirmation. ✅
Now merged with standard order form and sent to customers. ✅

QR Code Usage: ✅
Customer: Can view only allowed order information. ✅
Admin: Can access internal management tools like delivery management and inventory status. ✅
Referral Code Added as an input field when placing an order, along with delivery info. ✅

Purpose: Identifies the collaborator for commission purposes.
Example: A collaborator promotes a product locally and shares their referral code. When used by a customer, the collaborator receives the predefined commission.



Order Flow Implications ✅
Order Creation & Payment: Customer places an order → admin confirms payment. ✅
Invoice Generation: After payment, invoice with QR can be generated and sent to the customer. ✅
Shipping Invoice: QR-enabled order form serves both customer use and internal management. ✅
Referral Code: Used only for collaborator identification for commissions And Points accumulation for the Customer If Referral Code Used Of Any Collaborator. ✅


Order Flow Migration Steps
this is for Website -> Order Creation & Payment – Customer places an order → Automatically shows Bank Details Of Smartphone Related Category Distributor And Than After Payment And Uploading Receipt By The User Admin confirms payment.
Cart CRUD in dashboard  -> will be use for website

Invoice Generation – After payment, an invoice with QR is generated and sent to the customer. ✅
Shipping Invoice – QR-enabled order form serves for both customer use and internal management. ✅
Referral Code Integration – Used only for collaborator identification, commissions, and customer points if applied. ✅
Courier Shipping Upload – Ability to upload courier shipping details for related orders. ✅
Courier Details Management – Courier company name, shipping date, and tracking number. ✅
Payment Receipt Upload (Customer) – Customers can upload proof of payment. ✅
Cash Collected Status Toggle – For internal tracking ✅



Additionally, customers will only earn points when a purchase is made with a collaborator’s referral code entered. ✅
The point accumulation rate can either be set by the super admin as a uniform rate applied to all collaborators, or as different rates per collaborator. ✅

Packaging Recordings ✅ -- Module {
To clarify, the Packaging Recordings module is a straightforward feature: it records video in real time, allows us to assign the recording to the related order, and enables tracking of the viewed status along with the recording timestamp. I believe these are the main points we previously discussed.
Also added cleanup schedular runs after 30 Days
}

Order items Module ✅


🔔 Push Notification Events (Email ✅ + Meta API: Messenger/Instagram)

- Triggered at key status updates:

- Pending – Order placed successfully, awaiting payment
- Paid – Payment confirmed, preparing for shipment
- Shipped – Shipment received by courier (Korea)
- Arrived Locally – Shipment has arrived in local country (e.g., Mongolia)
- Delivered – Order delivered to recipient
- Meta API will be integrated to send push messages for the above events using customer-authorized Messenger/Instagram accounts.

Routes Work
Extract All edit , show routes from resource and make thier params optional to run controller logic that checks for params ✅


Milestone 5: (Collaborator, Supplier, Distributor) + Settlement Module
- Settlement logic for collaborator And Suppliers And Distributor ✅
- Supplier Margin table ✅
- collaborator margin table ✅
- Distrubutor margin table ✅
- Admin view + mark as paid ✅
- Collaborator read-only earnings list
- Supplier read-only earnings list
- Distributor read-only earnings list
- Filters for settlements ✅







Milestone 6: Global Settings Module
This milestone includes all dynamic settings and global configuration features required for maintaining and scaling the platform effectively.

1. General System Settings ✅

- System name, support email, contact info
- Logo, favicon upload

2. SMTP Configuration ✅

- Dynamic SMTP setup for outgoing emails
- Ability to update provider settings (host, port, encryption, username/password) from Dashboard

3. Special Countries (OAuth Eligibility) ✅

- Add/remove countries allowed to use Meta OAuth Consent
- Used to fetch Messenger/Instagram USER_IDs for sending push notifications (Redunt)

4. Role & Permission Management ✅

- CRUD for Roles ✅
- Dynamic permission assignment per role ✅
- Secure all system routes, pages, and features based on user roles
- Integrate Spatie ✅
- Integrate role-based access control using Spatie Permissions ✅
- Setup Permission Seeders  ✅
- Protected System Behalf of permissions
    -> backend Protection  ✅
    -> Frontend (
        Hook For Permission Checker Setup Done ✅
        Sidebar Items Show Hide According To Permissions Done ✅
        All Pages Protection Behalf Of Permissions  ✅
        If Suppliers Collaborators Distributors Have Permission To View Commissions they will see Thiers ✅

    )

6. Charts Setup on Dashboard's Home Page
 -> 1. Performance of collaborators ✅, distributors ✅, and suppliers ✅
    2. New vs. returning customers ratio: to identify repurchase rate ✅
    3. Daily/weekly sales trends: show not only order quantity but also sales amount for clearer status tracking ✅
    4. Shipping status: percentage of orders completed, in transit, or delayed ✅

5. Meta API Credentials ✅
- Update and store Meta (Facebook/Instagram) credentials dynamically
- No hardcoded client_id, client_secret – all editable from the Dashboard

6. AWS Dynamic Credentials Setup ✅

7. Google Maps Credentials Setup ✅

8. Future-Proofing for More Settings ✅
- Clean, extendable module structure to add new system-wide configurations later without code refactoring

9. Countries Settings Module Where We Can Define Countries That will be Used In Our System Such as When Customer
   Registering or Selecting Special Countries We will shows these countries there to select ✅

10. Customer Country Section will be changes into countries table foreign id and than we will assign country id to
    customer country section  and fetch country using Relation  ✅


💰 Suggested Budget: $500
⏱ Time Estimate: 5 - 7 Days









Milestone 7: Customer Website (Frontend + PWA + Posts + Orders + Meta OAuth)

- UI & UX for the website -> Partially Completed ✅
- Header Footer And Appbar For Mobile Preview  with Fully Responsiveness ✅
- PWA frontend integration for a mobile-friendly experience ✅
- Product listing and product detail pages  ✅
- Cart Logic For Customers  ✅
- Restricting Customer From Adding Items In Cart Who Belongs To Different Distributor  ✅
- Customer checkout functionality  ✅
- On checkout: FB/Instagram connect  to store the user’s Meta user ID  ✅
- After checkout: the user will see the associated bank details along with an upload receipt
  input. After transferring the payment, the user uploads proof of payment. Once the admin confirms the payment, the order status is updated from “Pending” to “Paid,” and the user is
  notified. ✅
- The user can then view their updated order status. When the admin changes the status to “Shipped” and adds courier details, the user will be able to see those details, along with any
  packaging videos uploaded by the admin.  ✅
- My Orders page: View order details, watch packaging videos, and download customer order invoice receipts  ✅
- Posts module: Display all posts/blogs to users ✅
- Message Us FB/Instagram links shown on both the Checkout page and main Website  ✅
- Country-based enabling of Meta Messaeging through entries stored in Special Countries (e.g., Mongolia only)  ✅
- (1) Privacy Policy and (2) Data Deletion Policy as separate pages on yesbigshop.com. ✅
	- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d_0t4RXtx1Xrdj4U4KgTXFGfLaGZJ9Ykl5dyARDsBQU/edit?usp=sharing yesbigshop privacy policy and data deletion (korean)
	- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c7F1ohFgv_-ndouw3_GKkP0G5B1noJp4AG-pHp0Al3M/edit?usp=sharing yesbigshop privacy policy and data deletion (english)
- Implementation of cryptocurrency payment (e.g., Bitcoin) for product purchases -> (new)  ✅
- Customer Cannot Visit Dashboard Logic ✅
- Logic To Restrict Customer From Visiting Dashboard ✅
- Overall Application Performance Enhancing -> Till The Current Work Its Done ✅
- Updating Robot.txt File For Exposing Just Website Routes On Google Search Engine (Currently It Exposes Our Dashboard) ✅
- Bookmark Page For Showing Authenticated User His Bookmarked Posts ✅


Additional Work:
(
  Made Posts Media Change When Mouse Wheel Rotates Like Mid-Journey Also Ensured Responsiveness ✅
  Made Right Posts Side bar For Switching Posts Also Implemented Mouse Wheel Functionality  ✅
  On mobile, the Escape button sometimes doesn’t work. ✅
  When the text appears, there is a container spacing issue. ✅
  The feature to scroll the text upward with a finger doesn’t work. ✅
  Swiping the text left or right with a finger doesn’t work. ✅
  Website Whole Layout Changed 3 Times ✅
  Search Results Page ✅
  Search History ✅
  Restricting Post Creation title should be atleast 10 chars ✅

- Ad Posts Will be made within the posts Table and its section

  1: The 3 new categories we discussed will be added, and the existing Posts and Products categories will be removed,  ✅
  2: If spatiotemporal information is applied in the filter, we’ll display it below the search bar as a reference, ✅
  3: We’ll also update the category enabling/disabling logic to work with these new categories.  ✅
  4: Implementing AutoLoading Results In Results Page When Scroll✅

  And just to summarize the search logic we finalized:  ✅
    1: Hashtags → exact match (=) — returns posts where the hashtag matches 100%.
    2: URLs → full-string match using LIKE within post content
    3: Search Terms → partial match (LIKE) across post title and content.
    4: Users → exact match (=) — to be implemented later.

  Implement simulated vertical loop navigation: when the user scrolls upward from the first post or downward from the last post, ✅
  instantly navigate to the opposite end within the already-loaded posts (no extra API calls), ✅
  ensuring smooth, continuous navigation aligned with the eager-loading system. ✅


  Implement circular horizontal navigation: make the related posts viewer ✅
  loop infinitely so that swiping right from the last post returns to the first, and swiping left from the first post returns to the last — similar to an infinite carousel, ✅
  and apply the same concept to top–bottom navigation for seamless looping. ✅

  Dedicated Matching Hashtag Post Contianing Page for showing post when user clicks on hashtag of any post it it wil redirects to this archive page ✅

  Infinity Loop For Posts Top to Bottom and wiseversa bottom to top If Wheeled On PC Or Scrolled On Mobile For Y Axis Posts ✅
  Infinity Loop For Posts Left to Right and wiseversa Right to Left If Swiped On Mobile for X axis Related Posts -> Took 2days ✅
  Optimized Looping And Fecthing more Posts And related Posts Logic and ensured consistency  ✅

  Infinite Loop / Circular Navigation for Y-Axis (Main Posts) ✅
  Infinite Carousel Logic for X-Axis (Related Posts) ✅
  Scroll Animation Illusion for Seamless Transitions ✅
  Fetch Lock Synchronization to Prevent Extra Loads ✅


  New More Changes (
    1: Remove Gray Backgrounds From Mobile Post Viewer From Header And Bottom ✅
    2: On the gallery, background should be black color or null. ✅
    3: When the back button is clicked in the main post filter, it should navigate to the homepage. ✅
    4: Calendar needed center arrangement. Needed a button or function because After setting a range in the calendar, there’s no OK or Save button, so from a UX perspective, users get confused about what to do next. ✅

    5: After setting a range in the Map, there’s no OK or Save button, so from a UX perspective, users get confused about what to do next. Since there’s an X icon, you can simply change it to a Save button ✅ When entering a search term, perform the search by pressing the Enter key instead of showing a button. Also, change the X icon in the search bar to white. ✅

    7: Border value on the gallery should be 0. ✅

    8: remove the magnifying glass icon. From Search Bar  ✅

    9: On mobile, add padding to the left and right sides of the archive and search bar. ✅

    11: Mobile Post Viwer And Masonary Layout Design Enhancements As Shown in the Screenshots ✅

    12: Progress bar and spinner should be white of inertia ✅

    13: Move spatitemporal filters as well as the search bar also allow searching on popup and on search page  in a seprate pop up window ✅

    14: remove outline of search abr when focused ✅

    15: Dashboard Theme Fully Synced With website Theme Also Updated The webiste Some Design ✅


    1:  Removing Shadow From Global Search Bar ✅
    2:  Changing The Heading  From Spatiotemporal Filters Modal to Advanced Search ✅
    3:  Adding Post And Product Toggles For Main Archive Page
    4:  Relocating The Things On Mobile Post Viewer As Per Screenshots ✅
    5:  Post Creation Date added On Posts Mobile's Gallery in Dropdown menu  ✅
    6:  Post Mobile Viewer Scroll Speed Reduced Also Its Swipe and fetching more posts logic enhanced (HARD SPENT WHOLE DAY) ✅
    7:  Search History Should Show Results First Record With Post Hashtag if post found and total results count and  post or product info ✅
    8:  Not Storing Searches Who Doesnt Have Results Logic Done  ✅
    9:  Showing Searched Query Or Spatiotemporal Filter Searched Keywrod in search history ✅
    10: Scroll Speed Of Mobile Post Viewer Increased  ✅
    11: Left And Right related Post Fecthing Completed And Params Sending is Also Corrected ✅
    12: Fetching More Post, single post and fecthig initial posts params sending logic Corected even no cookie exists than it will send handle defualt vlaues to true by backend ✅
    13: Showing Default User Name and Avatar Of User  If No User Name Exists In Post Both In PC and In Mobile  ✅
    14: Fixed Duplication Related post before it was Including the Main Post as well in related Post So Excluding that post logic is completed ✅
    15: X Axis Container Instantly makign inde x0 if Y Axis Scroll Happened means Post changes  ✅
    16: When clicking Open in new window in the search result list, it first moves to the post’s featured image screen.
        >then to the post’s single page.
        >However, when clicking the Back button,
        >the PWA turns off
        or navigates to a different place each time instead of returning to the post’s featured image. screen. -> User Activation Logic Added ✅

    17: Fetching More Related Posts And Added Checks For Already Completed posts Fetchs and And Posts who havent fetched yet and added thres hold for
        fetch again to improve Application performance Also Added Caching
        For Storing Already Fetched Related Posts To Prevent Already Viewed Posts Fetching  ✅

    18: Adding Checks For Mobile And P)C in Reuslts Page For Navigating Behalf Of if PC than refdirect with __Blank otherwise simple redirect ✅
    19: Added Cookie Filtering in Backend And in Frontend So Application Wont Break WhenCookie Value changed by user and attackers   ✅
    20: Hashtag Archive Page backend Logic And Frontend With Cookie Value Validation On backend And Frontend Done  ✅
    21: Hashtag Archive Page Ui Remeaning Just ✅
    22: Update Backend For Smartphones For hashtag Support ✅
    23: Slug Support Added For Smartphones ✅
    24: Posts Slug Creation Logic Fixed And Now Supports Korean and other unicodes as well ✅
    25: Update Results Page backend To Support Filtering With hashtags in products -> smartphones ✅
    26: Posts And Products Merged And Showing Merged Posts and products on Main Archve Logic Done as well as optimized custom Pagination For Infinity
    Eagerloading  ✅
    27: Ui Of Product Single Page
    28: Looping logic Enhanced And revert Back to the Black Screen showing with Next Post Image And AlsoCode Refinemet Done ✅
    29: APP Meta Data Enhanced For Beautifully Showing Cards In Social media When Link Pasted And also Added Some Meta Tags For SEO ✅

    Whole Website Layout Change Request 4th Time
    (
        (Whole Website Theme Updated Before It was having Some Issues Regarding The Theme Switching and shwoing some bugs)
        1: Posts Desktop Viewer Layout Completed ✅
        2: Products Desktop Viewer ✅
        3: Main Archive  Layout Updated as Per Referance Design ✅
        4: Filters Page Added Seprately For Filters ✅
        5: Sidebar Layout Updated As Per The Referance Design ✅
        6: Toast Alert Changed To Custom Modal based Beautiful Alerts ✅
        7: Hashtag Results Page Fecthing Logic And Fetching Data Logic Enhanced And Now Its More Stable and its supports Both Products And Posts ✅
        8: Smartphones Table Updated And Added Content, Tag Column ✅
        9: In Global Search Auto Refresh Hashtag Page Logic Updated To an New Version Of Routes ✅
        10: Navigation Accross The Site Enhanced And prevented Again Naviagte on the same route which currently active ✅
        11: Smartphone Image Auto Resize Logic Changed To Just making Quality Of Image Less For Better perforamnce  ✅
        12: Passing Post Preferences On Hashtag page Before it wasnt properly Sending Current Prefferences ✅
        13: Validaiton Error Message Wasnt Showing On Uploaded File Error On Smartphones Forms So its Fixed Now ✅
        14: Bookmark Page Ui Updated And Also Synced Bookmakred Posts Fetching With User Set Preferences Before It wasnt Passed ✅
        15: URL Generation Logic Encoding Issue Fixed before It was Not Taking Geneating Slug Correctly and failing On Getting Slug For Fetching Post ✅
        16: Add To Cart Logic Done ✅
        17: Dashboard Post View Page Copy Link And Bookmark PopUp Showing Logic Updated ✅
        18: Fonts Changed To New Fonts Given By Joseph ✅
        19: Product Smartphone Mobile Viewer With Gallery For Mobile Completed With Same UI That Was Given  ✅
        20: Only Video Posts Will Now Display Its First Frame As Thumbnail  (
             Desktop Post Viewer Configured ✅
             Mobile Post Viewer  -> pending
        )
        21: Post Update Issue Fixed  ✅
        22: Video Plyr.js Currently Disabled And Will be Fixed Later ✅
        23: Font SIZE UPDATED OF MAIN Page Posts And Products ✅
        24: Profile Page Completed ✅
        25: Smatphone + POST Mobile Viewer Back Button Issue Fix FIXED   ✅
        26: Backend SOME LOGIC Issues FIXED That Were Occured After Making Some Changes In Logic   ✅
        27: Restriction Added For Customers To Prevent Adding Items In Cart From Multiple Distributor Product, SO It WOnt Be added If User Selected Logic Done ✅
        28: Batch backend Logic Fixed On Update There was an  Error Related To Validation Now FIXed ✅
        29: Cart Page All Logics Done
        (
            Update Item,
            Remove Item,
            Calculation,
            Referal Code And Points Showing,
            Confiti Effect Added And Shows After Applying Referal Code
        )✅

        30: Added Button in Dashboard To Navigate On Home ✅

        31: Placing Order Logic Completed just NowPayments gateway integration remeaning so than bitcoin payment option will work
        32: My Orders Page Is In Progress Remeaning things (
            1: Prompt Customer To Give Payment Proof If Not Paid Via Bitcoin, ✅
            2: Courier Detail Showing On Order Detail Page, ✅
            3: Pop State Work For Better Pop State Handling -> done but not perfect as it has to be, ✅
            4: Order Notification Jobs Updated Needed For Adding Appropriate URLS OF THE SITE, ✅
            5: Color Showing On Smartphones In Order Details Page Of Website and On Dashboard (Because The Color Column Added Recently), ✅
            6: Smartphone Viewer Buy Now Button Will Redirect user To The Cart page and that product will be automatically added in cart if not already
                and if already exists than simply we will redirects, ✅
            7: Eager Loading On Orders Added  ✅

        )
        33: Distributor Table and backend Will be updated and will add new columns ✅

        (
            Bank Name,
            Account Name,
            IBAN,
            SWIFT Code.
        )

        34: Collaborator Table and backend Will be updated and will add new columns ✅

        (
            Bank Name,
            Account Name,
            IBAN,
            SWIFT Code.
        )

        35: New PDF Received For Changes (
            1: DESKTOP (PC) LAYOUT CHANGES ✅
            2: Mobile LAYOUT CHANGES -> pending

        )

        36: NOWPayment CREDNETIALS STORING AND SETTING IN ENVIROMENT WITH ADDING IN REDIS CACHE FOR OPTIMIZED FECTHING COMPLETED  ✅
        37: Integration With Order Placing  ✅

        38: Points Assigning Logic Corrected Now After Order Status Changed To Paid Than it will assign Points  ✅
        39: Auto Status Checking Background Job Added To Check Order Payment Status FROm NOWPayment Using np_id ✅
        40: Auto Marking Order As Expired After 30 minutes When didnt Paid And Leave The Checkout Page Of NOWPayment  ✅
        41: New  3 Status Added On Order Table ✅(
            1: awaiting payment => It User Created NOWPayment Session but the payment havent been deducted yet If we say he just created session to go on NOWPayment Checkout Page1
            2: expired: => When user created session and goes to NOWPayment checkout page and didnt Adds his wallet address and closes the CHECKOUT PAGE
            3: failed: => When user Submits His Information And ALl Goes well But his wallet havent That Much Money So it will be marked as failed
        )

        42: Marking Uploaded Package Video mark as viewed when customer viewed the package video for internal tracking ✅
        43: Contact Us Page Completed With Mail Sending To Admins And Sender Completed ✅
        44: POSTAL CODE AT CHECKOUT (*) Added ✅
        45: Country Selection Added When Registering ✅
        46: Hover Prevented On  Touch Devices ✅
        47: (
            1:  DESKTOP PC POST AND PRODUCT Viewers Fully Rewrote And MERGED ALL STATES INTO FEED   ✅
            2:  MOBILE FEED ADDED POST AND PRODUCTS MERGED (
                1: Infinity Loop On BOTH Y AND X AXIS MOBILE FEED ✅
                2: Gallery Viewer ✅
                3: Video Player Enhancement  ✅
                4: Fecthing More Results In Feed When Scrolled ✅
                5: UI ADJUSTEMENTS  ✅
                6: Importantly X Axis Whole UI AND LOGIc Remeaning ✅
                7: FECTHING MORE X Axis Releated FEED LOGIC NEEDEd ANd BACKEND WIll BE UPDATED ✅
                8: X Axis RELATED FEED FECTHING AND Backend Updates Done ✅
                9: Optimized X And Y axis FEED FOR CORRECTLY FECTHING ITEMS ✅
                10: FLICKING SHOWING In Y AXIS FEED NEEDED OPTIMIZATION ✅
                11: Y Axis Fetching More FIX NEEDED It doesnt Add More Or Doesnt Show Will be Checked ✅
                12: X AXis Fecthing Logic NEeded FIX ✅
                13: X Axis Feed Dont Show After Refresh Needed Fix ✅

            )
        )
        48: Backend UPDATED FOR FECTHING FEED ✅
        49: HASHTAG AND RESULTS PAGE REDIRETCING TO MAIN PAGE WITH POST OR PRODUCT LOGIC UPDATED AND Brwoser History controlled Correctly✅
        50: Encoding Done For Slug On Fecthing Single Post And Single Smartphone  ✅
        51: MAIN FEED STATES CORRECTED AND BROWSER HISTORY ALSO MANAGED CORRECTLY NOW Tracking History With Each Feed item and closing correctly  as well as with feed gallery✅
        52: Bookmark Page Layout Updated ✅
        53: Hashtag and results page POST/Product Image if missing than fallback to placeholder for better UX done ✅
        54: Hashtag Page filter Applying Logic Were Broken so That is FIXED  now ✅
        55: Popups For Mobile Feed And Desktop UPDATED To THe Latest PDF Design But Normal Alert Toast Notifications will be same ✅
        56: MOBILE FEED Optimization And Rerenmdering Bugs And Some Improvements  ✅
        57: VIDEO PLAYER BUFFERING EVENT ADDED AND ITS LOADER ✅
        58: OPTIMZIED MOBILE FEED PERFECTLY AND SHOWING CONTENT SKELETON WHEN FEED MEDIA IS LOADING FOR BETTER UX ✅
        59: Mobile FEED BUG FIXES AND GALLERy Ui UPDATE And VIDEO PAUSE ISSUE FIXED ✅
        60: POST AND SMARTPHONE DESKTOP MEDIA LOADING PRIORITY ASSINING FOr LOADING TO OPTIMZIE THE PERFORMANCE LOGIC DONE ✅
        61: MOBILE FEED MEDIA LOADING PRIORITY ASSIGNING FOR LOADING Instantly TO OPTIMZIE THE PERFORMANCE LOGIC DONE ✅
        62: Online and Offline Events Are Optimized To Show a Clean And Professional Alert And Organized The Code And Removed Everything
         related To it From Main app.jsx And Added Those In Components To make consistency and clear code   ✅
        63: Dashbaord ERROR RElated Hook Of can hook -> that uses for Checking Permissions Is Now renamed as UseCan And FIxed✅
        64: Links Enabled When On Feed Or Somewhere And Already Active Links Also Activated For Easier Navigation ✅
        65: GLobal Filters Remvoed FromThe Single Page Instead Added In The Modal Globally Can Be accessed From Anywhere in website ✅
        66: Filter Icon Moved Into The More Elipises Dropdown ✅
        67: Post Desktop Only Text Post Text Content Alignment Adjusted  ✅
        68: Results Page Removed And Added Results Showing In the Search Page it self And Radius Map Modal Also Updated And added Spinner to show on
            when user clicks on it for better UX ✅

        69: Mobile Feed Single Page Media Will BE changed to Full Take width Of Screen
        70: Mobile Feed Viewer Single Page User Avatar Wil be Updated ✅
        71: Mobile Feed Button Chnaged To Simple text ✅
        72: GLobal Filter Issue Fixed On Mobile Feed And Added Zustand Library and IOts hook to check Live Status Of global Filter State  ✅
        73: Mobile Home Navigation Issue Fixed And Prevented With Hook When feed open and home button clicked  ✅
        74: Mobile Feed Layout Style changed to Immerseview Style and The skeletons also updated to new design layout✅
        74: Mobile Feed X Axis Loop Fixed Broked After Immerse View✅
        75: Video Players Are Optimzied And Updated To New Layout and new Instagram like player added for Mobile Feed ✅
        76: Mobile Feed Header Changed To Overlay On The Feed Media ✅
        77: Mobile Feed Smartphone Feed Gallery Layout Updated And Now Its Just Like mobile Post Feed  Gallery ✅
        78: Search Results List Each item Now it self a Redirect Link to that specific result and New Tab Icon Removed✅
        79: Desktop Post/Product Viewer Media Display Alignment Adjusted  ✅
        80: Website Desktop Modals Close Button Added On All websites modals ✅
        81: PC POST / PRODUCT VIEWER MODAL GLOBAL SEARCH ADJUSTED ✅
        82: add a button or function that allows the user to download the QR image at an appropriate location on the screen. ✅ .
        83: Borders Adjustments On Link Copied Modal, Bookmark Modal, Global Filter Modal, Post/Product Dropdown,  Dark Theme Borders Either make the border color brighter or make it thicker — choose whichever you think is better.  ✅ ,
        84: Return and Exchange policy page and Implementation On Mobile with some Initial Text On Mobile with accordination and On PC Desktop it will simply redirect
        85: Hashtag Color  To text-[#0090FF] Changed On PC Desktop Posts/ Smartphones Viewer ✅
        86: Whole Search Page Logic Re-Written According to What i disscussed with joseph ✅
        87: Alignment Of Tabs In Search Page ✅
        88: Added Opening new Window When clicking Search Result ✅
        89: Customized Video Player From Desktop Video Player Bottom Shadow Removed ✅
        90: FFMPEG VIDEO Compression Added In POST VIdeo UPloading  ✅
        91: Post Strict Images Compression Added ✅
        92: Borders Added On Advanced Search Modal, More Action Dropdown Of Sidebar and BottomBar, Search Page ✅
        93: AWS URL COLUMN ADDED On AWS SETTING TABLE AND BACKEND ALSO Updated ✅
        94: CloudFront Setuped ✅
        95: Post Module Fully Optimization and Thumnail Generation From BackendAnd Storing And Handling And Updated The Website Post Thumbnails On every places
            And Post / Product Backend Fecthing Also Updated And Syncronized With new Logic ✅
        96: Post Media Store/Update/Delete Job Updated With new setup Of Cloudfront and Optimized ✅
        97: All Jobs Update To New Logic Of AWS Cloudfront ✅
        98: Package Recording Module Compression and Thumbnail Generation Logic ✅
        99: UI Code OF Backend And Fronted Optimized And Removed Un-necessary Line Of Code And Imports ✅
        100: Custom Confirmation Modal Added And Applied On Data Deletion Page For Confirmation ✅
        101: Confirmation For Deletion Added on Deletion Of Search History ✅
        102: Hashtag Page Updated And Removed New Tab Button instead The each list is now A Link to Redirect To That specific Item ✅
        103: Browser History Issue Fixed and unlocked back Button WhenRedirecting From Results to appropriate smarpthone p/ post in PC Or Mobile   ✅
        104: Dashboard Post View Page Updated And Added Custom Video Player and Some Ui Issues Fixed  ✅
        105: Compression Of post And PakcagingVideo Enhanced And As well as Horizon Config Updated To Support Proper Memory and processes ✅
        106: Post And Smartphone Slug Creation Logic Updated And Added Strict Checks For Invalid Characters ✅
        107: Cors Issue Fix remeaning Specially Shows Only when Previewing In Filepond ✅
        108: Mobile Feed Gallery Fully Re-Write or Fix (will be Decided In'Sha'Allah) ✅
        109: AutoPlay Not Working Issue When Scrolling If AutoPlay is Enabled ✅
        110: Video Chunking Setup Completed In Code And With AWS CloudFront ✅
        111: Related Feed Search Logic Issue Needed To Be Fixed Now Only Relaying On The Tag And Not searching between title and content ✅
        112: Initial Post And Product Fetching Logic Optimized and We-written ✅
        114: Instagram Video Player Re-written fuly and now listening all video events and updating Ui accoridngly and also added THe zustand Hook For
             Listening Live Updates From MobileFeed ✅
        115: My Orders Infinite Loading NextPageUrl State Removed And Added Ref For Instnat Updates And Issue Fixed ✅
        116: Orders Single View Page Video Part Updated And now showign backend geenrated Thumbnail on videos and Video Player Modal Updated with new structure
            And URL appending and deleteing logic also updated ✅

        117: Navihation Activation Modal Enhanced And Organized With the New Component and Used in Main Layout ✅
        118: Migration From YesbigShop to Andromeda And CloudFront  + s3 + Server Configuration✅
        119: AWS Account Migration to new account and setting up s3 Bucket + CloudFront  ✅
        120: Main Page Post Title removed and showed the content first line and bookmark page same applies✅
        121: Navigation Activation Propmt Commented And Not Using Rn✅
        122: Server Migrated TO Singapore Region and All configs  Setup Completed ✅
        123: Dashboard Sidebar Backdrop Issue FIxed, And On Mobile When Sidebar opens appending its History to Browser and syncing closing with back button on mobile  ✅
        124: Auto Closing The Bottom Bar More Dropdown when pop state triggers or clicks anywhere ✅
        125: Conditional Inertia Link and  html anchor tag added anchor tag is for desktop and link is for mobile and hashtag Results Backend Issue FIXED  ✅
        126: Sidebar Click Item Navigation wasnt Wokring After Changing THe back button so now its fixed  ✅
        127: Safari Mosnary Layout Row Height Mis calculation issue Resolved ✅
        128: Dashboard Layout Theme And Guest Layout Dark + Light Theme Toggle Issue Fixed (issue Were Classes werent adding properly)  ✅
        129: Profile Dropdown Items wasnt clicking so that also fixed ✅
        130: Logo Of Dashboard Header and Sidebar Now Redirects To Website Home ✅
        131: Some Ui Enhancements  ✅
        132: Backend Logic Of Related Posts and products are changed to matching Now Only Hashtags Strictly As per Requirement  ✅
        133: On Desktop POST, PRODUCT, Modal Combined And Added Top Bottom, Left,Right Feed Navigation ✅
        134: Mobile Feed Scroll Container Issue FIXED  ✅
        135: Mobile Feed Container Blank White Spaces Removed And Added Toggle On Bottom bar To show or Hide With Arrow and Now Feed Show's On Whole Screen  ✅
        136: Bottom Bar Presisted and removed the Bottom Bar Hide Logic As Joseph Said✅
        137: Strictly Logic To Remove Even Little Bit WhiteSpace From Mobile Feed  ✅
    ) Redesigned Whole Website 4th Time Completed According To The LAYOUT Design Reference Provided ✅


    Redesigned Whole Website 5th Time Completed According To The LAYOUT Design Reference Provided ✅
    Only Product Single Page of Desktop Version And Mobile Redesigned Remeaning Because Client Said



    META Integration (
        1: App Created And Page Setup ✅
        2: backend Meta Credentials Storing / Updating Logic Updated and add 4 more columns: ✅ {
            1: meta_page_access_token
            2: meta_verify_token
            3: meta_token_expiry_at
            4: token_type -> (1) short_lived (2) long_lived
        }
        3:  Token Exchange Logic Added From Short to Long Lived token ✅
        4:  Token Refresh Command And Logic Added When Expiry Nears and Meta Did Change the Token ✅
        5:  Token Exchanging Job Added For Firing Job Asyncronusly When Meta Setting Activates ✅
        6:  Webhook Setup -> checking Remeaning of POST METHOD Logic ✅
        7:  Instagram Token Gneeration and-> Refreshing and Verifying Logic Done  ✅
        8:  Migration Updated Huge New Columns Added For Meta Settings  ✅
        9:  Notifications Setup For Meta To Directlky Send In User DM ✅
        10: Meta User info Storing in database Logic added as well as new table named meta_contacts Added and Setuped ✅
        11: MAIN FB Page ID and Instagram Account ID Storation in Meta_settings Along with other configs basically 2 new columns were added ✅
        12: Instagram Message Send And Webhook Testing Remeaning Just ✅
        13: Fixed The Meta Service Webhook Event Issue: before it wasnt Extracting Correct Platform Data between Both FB and Instagram Now It Does ✅
        14: Fixed The Order Model Job Dispatch Issue Of Notifying Admin In Created Event And Added job Dispathing After DB Transaction Finishes  ON Those Specific Jobs✅
        15: NEEDED instagram_manage_messages Permission In Advanced Access To Send Messages From System To User -> Remeaning
        16: New Column Added Instagram Bussiness Account ID ✅
        17: Changed Sending Message Props Internal ID and Token And Using FB Page ID and FB PAGE ACCESS TOKEN To send messages On Both Platforms (FB,IG)✅
        18: FallBack Custom Email Verification Of Customer To Add In Our System Logic Added Little Chat Bot At The Start Of THe
            Conversation if Not Found That user In Our System ✅
    )











Navigation (Latitude/Longitude concept): ✅
- On mobile, navigation should follow a map-like logic:
- Up/Down (Latitude): switch between posts in the feed.
- Left/Right (Longitude): navigate within the gallery/media of a single post.


Feed Travel Distance (Geo-based Exposure):
The slider(s) define how far posts are visible based on latitude and longitude ranges.
- Instead of a single slider, there should be two separate sliders:
- One for Latitude range (north/south exposure).
- One for Longitude range (east/west exposure).
These values will be applied to filter the posts/products shown in the feed according to the user’s defined exposure range.

Archive Layouts (Posts vs Products):
- The posts archive will keep the MidJourney-style masonry grid with unresized images for that creative feel.
- The products archive will follow the cleaner PDF-style layout, with optimized and resized images for consistency (as expected in e-commerce).
- On the home archive, posts and products can appear together, but there must also be a filter option to display only products or only posts when needed.

Marking things for clarity:
To make it easier for me and avoid misunderstandings, could you please mark or highlight the elements/sections that should be removed or changed (just like you do when pointing out details) For The Desktop Layout ? This way I’ll have a clear checklist to follow and won’t miss anything.

So in short:
- Navigation → latitude/longitude gestures (mobile) + confirm PC version flow.
- Filtering → latitude/longitude range sliders for exposure.
- Layout → MidJourney style for posts, PDF style for products, filterable in mixed archives.
- Next step → please confirm and mark removals/changes for the Posts Single Archive On Desktop so I can proceed smoothly.




  Search Methods:
  1. Spatiotemporal Information: ✅
  Select one address from an auto-completed list.
  Search by terms (words, numbers, etc.) included in the address.
  Include height information (e.g., number of floors).
  Include time information.

  2. General Search Terms
  Titles, tags, etc.

  3. User Information ✅
  Account name or user ID.

  4. Citation-Based Trends
  Ability to search based on how often spatiotemporal information, posts, or user accounts/IDs have been cited by others.
  Provide both trend analysis and quantitative data.
)


Cart Item Remeaning
Schema
Schema::create('cart_items', function (Blueprint $table) {
            $table->id();
            $table->foreignId('customer_id')->constrained('customers')->cascadeOnDelete()->cascadeOnUpdate();
            $table->foreignId('smartphone_id')->constrained('smartphones')->cascadeOnDelete()->cascadeOnUpdate();
            $table->foreignId('distributor_id')->constrained('distributors')->cascadeOnDelete()->cascadeOnUpdate();
            $table->integer('quantity')->default(1);
            $table->decimal('unit_price', 30, 2)->default(1);
            $table->decimal('total_price', 30, 2)->default(1);
            $table->timestamps();
        });



website design Refference
https://upwork-usw2-prod-file-storage-wp3.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/workplace/attachment/d27a76ce01d15ceb801bf11e651eff86?response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%3D%22ysbs_2.pdf%22%3B%20filename%2A%3Dutf-8%27%27ysbs_2.pdf&X-Amz-Security-Token=IQoJb3JpZ2luX2VjEGgaCXVzLXdlc3QtMiJHMEUCIQCSFCbbxdu%2F9TNQIIevGcEo%2BuwVcD%2FXnN607fTYIJIgPgIgFhUQN8YaQDCbhyaDvRkjRu9aOpfnuxsQrMTFz8Dike0qmQUI0P%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2FARAAGgw3Mzk5MzkxNzM4MTkiDC0FTgXY4WxkQv3TWyrtBOmr685%2BzEq9%2Bg6RG0lQ0F9yrMiziuPWAeNzuYTQvX01EXqh5DIvP2M69e0IocutGt1T3sHinrkRohdrTLVfxjYmnFdWKmYqu%2BkF9pE0eBpD3FqMgRRAzhLnSSQiQUDEbw1cnBvWJvhnRizyK%2BhGDfmpJC7L6Yl%2B8QDq6%2BlsRIaCWg96JtZSTfhkQ7ZQuGT2YctnbRF%2BQ8nOJslM36PERE0BFKFkR9cV6aEMdITGfUwnlS3NhHhcFbatsqYRohOEURDszeOO8eSy5UnvEOC3B%2FR3yHsy5XN8YDNih3yjvoShygJYwncuWSLYjhbZBwu%2FgeelHATkMQsjErCX0EsGjPoRhNH%2FLCRUErsD8ebXaERrPEG8vghgQPNAszklPxQfev2ZlqPXT57w61%2BGovR%2FeAlG5cYQIwIIzZzB1A9CsDTvR%2FmKN69G6qzGEzEwagIx6sIa38VjAnuySgJcEcS9s4tgFUNrrT8afAk1KNeZSS%2BYptpOGG1tzsyN6AxCYVKbmmpd%2B3sj0EMHrcrSIy%2FNVBn7hBg4flE2FqH6XddlKdF2PV%2BwH7HcbUq8xJNBMK%2FPBBh6F2Vdo2%2BL9AzpHzIsj%2Btj0fknd%2B8rgdusoi%2FyTiNXXXuLY8LTtB%2BNXqiL22w8pdF3jfqXixBrpLoSiadyuCbI8e6AZBwYsBxigdP9OeUUKjaC3phTNi55FIBONJsxBbD1yp0JTu2KCn428lqheHiCryAc3x27rZoIheFfjzGjvl0ZfwcQmstI70dqJPd31EmYkb8CqZoaeDb6r%2FvrSuXf%2BxSmvnb6PTdRDwFBkV0BmtUHSp1YY9am7pU5DDDtqf%2FFBjqbAZYdzLyGkbg8VYVGZcH342Bk%2BhkIHFViR%2FK%2BAR3nS7m1mLwaMV66EvJUuFuHdy3bKr3YxZ59IRdugvZ5YSz3Odf3%2Fix0TnMKy5B35j2H5xVz%2B6bNwHqdRpMFj41WWO%2BGa6cqUgCFuShz21opiIV3U6Ow1deG%2BOSpH7PnudmruL5o41TLnq5d%2BDqRQBr%2BYIOJ3GTQqvKr0AU2p%2Bq5&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20250909T073057Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=599&X-Amz-Credential=ASIA2YR6PYW5QE264TEM%2F20250909%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=68d93f183ad67b48de9e054e293455f6bd0a5aff575bcdba3989135337a9da5f


💰 Suggested Budget: $1000
⏱ Time Estimate: 10 - 15 days




For Later
AND have all content—regular posts, product posts, and ad posts (to be implemented later)—appear together,
mixed, in a single home archive page. From there, if someone wants to view only posts or only products, implement filters so they can view them accordingly.





NEW REQ -> (Group = 1)
Please implement the profile section according to your understanding, following the PDF.
Shipping Address and related contents Issue:
For this phase, please implement the system so that users can save one billing address and one shipping address separately in the user dashboard.
Product Page Structure
Each product should continue to be displayed as a single page per product (one product per ID), as it is currently.
However, even if a product has a single ID, the following information is absolutely necessary for international shipping. These are purely shipping-related details. In that sense, you already have a feature in the admin dashboard that allows adding various costs.
Therefore, in addition to costs, any of the following items that are currently missing should be addable by the admin.
This should be implemented statically, not dynamically, so it can be done in a simple way.
It only means adding additional input fields per product.
The required fields are:
1 Country / Region
2 Product Condition
3 Shipping
4 Customs & Import Fees
5 Shipping Method
6 Courier
7 Return Policy
8 Storage Capacity Add-on

Timestamp issue on the post and product:
Could you please share your opinion on this part, as it seems there is currently some confusion around it?



Explanation -> (Group = 1)
### 1 & 2. Shipping Address and Billing Address (Billing Address Wont be implemented)

You may implement this according to your proposed approach.
If supporting multiple shipping addresses requires significant development effort, it is acceptable to initially allow only one saved shipping address.

However, both a shipping address and a billing address must exist as separate concepts.

The billing address is mandatory and universally used across all e-commerce websites.
In general, when a user makes a payment, they enter the payer’s information, including card details and address.


The billing address represents who paid for the order, which makes it an essential and standard requirement.
Every internet commerce site on earth supports a billing address.

---

### 3. Return Policy

Each product ID has exactly one return policy.

Entering a return policy manually every time a product is registered is inefficient and creates unnecessary workload.

The optimal solution to reduce operational overhead is to implement Return Policy Templates that administrators can manage in advance.

Administrators should be able to:

* Create and store multiple return policy templates
* Select an appropriate template when registering a product
* Automatically attach the selected return policy to the product

---

### 4. Storage Capacity

The storage capacity configuration already exists as a feature in the admin menu.
No additional implementation is required for this item.
---

### 5. Country / Region Information

There are two different types of country/region information in the system:

1. User Profile Country/Region

* Entered by the user as part of their personal information during registration

2. Shipping Destination Country/Region

* Entered when the buyer specifies the address where they want the product to be delivered

These two must be treated as separate data fields with different purposes.

---

### 6. Product Status / Shipping / Customs & Import Tax / Shipping Method / Courier

These fields must be implemented as dropdown selections.

Since conditions vary by product, these values should be managed using administrator-defined templates.

Workflow:
* Administrators predefine multiple templates (e.g., shipping, customs, delivery conditions)
* When registering a product, the admin selects the appropriate template
* The selected options are then displayed automatically in all relevant user-facing screens





RELATED FILTERS -> remeaning
The video auto-play toggle should work globally, exactly as explained above, and it should be placed inside the Filter popup.
In other words:
When the toggle is ON in the Filter popup, all video posts across the entire site should auto-play.
When the toggle is OFF, auto-play should be disabled for all video posts site-wide.
Regarding the items shown in the three-dots menu on the single page:
The Time-Space information is a type of data entered from the admin panel and includes timestamp-based information.
When a user clicks the Time-Space text after tapping the three-dots menu on the frontend, a map should open, and the corresponding time-space location should be visually indicated on the map.
Separately:
The post creation date should be displayed in addition to the above.
The post creation date must appear only on the post’s single page.
It must not appear on the product’s single page.




RELATED SMARTPHONe BACKEND AND ITS Frontend -> remenaing



DEVEOIPMENT APPROACH
I reviewed the smartphone backend structure you previously shared. While it is functional, I found it quite complex, and several columns defined in that structure are not actually being used or displayed on the frontend.



Because of this, I would like to propose a simplified and more practical approach that aligns both the backend logic and the frontend PDF-based design.
1. Additional Fees Module (Improved)
Currently, we only store the fee name. I propose enhancing this module with the following structure:
id
name (Import Tax, VAT, etc.)
category (tax / shipping / other)
value_type (percentage / fixed)
default_value (5, 10, 30, etc.)
is_active



At the product pricing stage, where the admin currently selects a fee type and manually enters a price, we can make this dynamic. The admin will select fees directly from this additional fee list.
We will add two select inputs:
Shipping Fee
Import Fee
Other Fee (which will show Other Type additonal Fee From Additional Fee list table),



Based on the selected fee template, the system will automatically calculate the value, whether it is fixed or percentage-based. This will also ensure that the shipping and import fees are correctly displayed on the frontend without extra manual work.
2. Return Policy Template
A return policy template will be created in settings with the following fields:
id
name
description
is_active



This return policy will be assigned during smartphone creation. At the same time, the admin will select the country and courier, along with delivery time (from and to).
3. Courier Template
I will also create a courier template with these fields:
id
courier_name
courier_code
tracking_url (Example: https://carrier.com/track/{tracking_number})
is_international (boolean)
is_active (boolean)
created_at



This will make courier assignment consistent and reusable across products.
4. Conditions Template
For product conditions, I am planning to create a simple template where only the condition name is stored. This template will then be reused and assigned during smartphone creation.



5.Add-ons
An add-ons template will be created (for example, phone cases). These add-ons will be assignable during smartphone creation.
If no add-ons are assigned, the add-ons section will not appear on the product single page.





With this structure, both the backend and frontend will be fully aligned, simpler to manage, and fully compatible with the PDF design requirements.



Everything looks good except for one point.
Regarding storage capacity:
Although our designer created the PDF that shows multiple storage options, the original design intention of the existing system is that one unique product has one unique ID, and its storage capacity cannot be changed. From this perspective, I believe that a feature allowing users to select multiple storage capacities on the product single page is not necessary.
In fact, this site already implements storage capacity as a template concept, where multiple storage templates can be saved in advance and loaded when needed. Given this design philosophy, users should not be able to select multiple storage options on the product single page.
If you agree with this reasoning, then this feature can be removed.
Instead, there is a more important issue that should be addressed.
After a smartphone product is registered (including its price), the market price changes frequently due to exchange rate fluctuations. I think we should prioritize a feature that covers this problem.
For example:
A feature where the displayed price automatically updates based on exchange rates is necessary.
In addition to that, the system should allow the admin to manually override and adjust the price of an already registered product at any time.
I believe this pricing and exchange-rate handling functionality is more necessary and valuable than adding multiple storage selection on the product single page.


MY REPLY
Sounds good. We will keep the Storage Size module as it is.
Regarding taxes, we will handle them through the Additional Fee List. All tax types will be created and managed in this module. The admin will then assign the required tax fee to a smartphone during product setup.
This approach allows centralized tax management. Whenever the admin needs to update a tax value, they can simply update it in the Additional Fee List, and the system will automatically recalculate and update the total_price for all smartphones where that specific tax is assigned.
This ensures consistency, reduces manual effort, and keeps pricing logic clean and maintainable.





Additional Work:
0: Bulk Translation Add via Excel CSV in Dashboard ✅
1: Shop Page With Backend Complete Setup ✅
2: smartphone related modules: (
    Conditions Module,
    colors module,
    return policy module,
    addons module + (cart + order Flow Logic Update)
    Courier Companies Module,
    Additional Fee list Module -> Re-arrange
) ✅

3: Privacy Policy ✅
4: Terms Of Service Module ✅
5: Global Refund & Return Policy ✅
6: Global Shipping Policy ✅
7: Smartphone New Columns Addition ✅
8: Spatiotemporal Infomation Setup In Smartphone  ✅
9: Support For All Type Smartphones -> [text,images,videos]  ✅
10: Filters Syncing With Smartphone with all types Just Like Posts  ✅
11: Global Search Logic Update For Searching Smartphones as well with spatiotemporal info  ✅
12: Shop Page Logic Updated For handling All Types Of Smartphones  ✅
13: Desktop Feed And Mobile Feed Updated To Handle all types of smartphones  and New Ui Added ✅
14: Added New I agree Terms Checkbox On Register Page and Tracking also added with backend And Storign in Database Checked Status ✅
16: Added Line Height 17 PX And Fixed Mobile Version Of Masonary Feed ✅
17: Move Data Deletion FromSidebar And Place on User Profile After Manage Shipping Address Link ✅
18: Added SHipping Policy View In Smartphone Detials  ✅
19: Main Feed Fecthing When Redirects And To Home page from want to Open any Feed and Post needed to open but filter is false so now
    it will still open And Not restrict To Open Because Of Filter, Filters Are only For main Feed Normal Loading and Viewing Not For Redirections That wants to open any Feed Regardless Of Filters ✅
20: Related Feed Fecthing Logic Updated and Fixed  ✅
21: Mobile And Desktop Feed Modal Layout Changed  And Updated  ✅ -> (Multiple Times)
22: Data Deletion Page Link Moved From Sidebar To Profile Page ✅
23: Checkout And Cart And Order Pages Icon Of Payment method updated ✅
24: Single Product Purchase When Clicks On BuyNow Logic Added, When User Clicks On BuyNow Button it redirects Diretcly User to checkout page wihtout adding that item in the cart so user can purchase only that product instantly
    Also Frontend Logics (Desktop,Mobile) Data Passing and Structing + Backend (Order Flow, Cart Flow, Refferal Flow, Checkout Flow) UPDATED And Checked ✅
25: change payment icon's color to mono tone on the ( product single page,  Checkout, cart, orders, order single page) and also change bitcoin icon to US tether icon ✅
26: Fixed Right Side Arrows Spacing For Desktop Feed  ✅
27: FIXED The Network ERROR it was Occuring On SLow Internet Connection Devices (So i have added Global Interseptor to intercept the Request and dont Execute when Offline or Connection Slow )✅

28: Website Controllers all Messages Translated Into Locale Of Requested User And EmailVerification backend Redirection FIXED ✅
29: All TEXT Are Tracnlated and made dybnamic accorss the website even backend of the website and website it self and all its keys are added To Seeder✅
30: TERMS OF SERVICE  LI ADDED In BOTTOMBAR It was Missing ✅
31: Dormancy: (
    1: User Table Updated and Added 3 New Columns (last_activity_at, is_dormant, dormant_at) For Proper Tracking Of Dormancy
    2: Last Activity Tracking Of User Logic Added Using Middleware
    3: Dormancy Marking Of User Command Added To Mark Accurately Dormancy To Users
    4: Email Notifications Added FOr Both Events Marking Dormancy, and Deactivating Dormancy
    5: Frontend Page Added To SHow When is_dormant = true User Loggs in Or Uses The Site
    6: One More Middleware added FOr Identifying dormant user using the site and normal user, if dormant user uses the site it will
        rediretc to Deactive Dormancy Page so user can de-active dormancy from there and than continue using the site
    7: Dormancy Status Tracking From Customers Module In backend Added
    8: Dormancy Thres Hold Setting Added in The Dashboard Settings Module + Its all Backend Logics For Setup + Caching To fetch Instantly
    9: at Login or Register Updating user last_activity logic added
)✅

32: Account Deactivation Logic Completes  And Now It just deactivates user Account When anyone deactivates and shows a link to
activate on profile in the palce of deactive account and backend + frontend Logic + Email Notifications Setup   ✅

33: Internal Admin Notes For Customer Added  ✅


34. (Backend: Users, Customers, Distributors, Collaborators, Suppliers – Logic Refactor & Strengthening
Backend me har user type ke liye separate aur clear business logic implement ki gayi:
Customers
Suppliers
Distributors
Collaborators
Admin / Staff
Har module ka apna responsibility scope define kiya gaya, taake:
roles mix na hon
permissions clean rahen
future scaling easy ho
Validation, relationships, aur update flows ko strong aur predictable banaya gaya.
Duplicate handling, status handling, aur edge cases ko dhyan me rakh kar logic ko defensive + stable banaya.)✅

35. (Dashboard Restructure: “Users” → “Admin / Staff” Module
Dashboard ka generic “Users” module remove kiya gaya kyun ke:
Customers, Suppliers, etc already apne dedicated modules me exist karte hain
“Users” ka concept ambiguous aur confusing ho raha tha
“Users” module ko Admin / Staff me convert kiya:
Yahan sirf Admin role aur other internal/custom roles ke users show hote hain
Customers, suppliers, etc yahan duplicate form me show nahi hote
Is change se:
UX clear ho gaya
Permission management simple ho gayi
Admin ke liye mental model improve hua
Ye structure enterprise-grade dashboards ke bilkul aligned hai.)✅


36. (User Account Status System – Frontend + Backend (Complete Lifecycle)
Is point me sab se zyada critical aur complex work complete hua:

🔹 Account Statuses Implemented
    active
    deactivated (user-initiated)
    dormant (inactivity-based)
    suspended (admin-enforced)
    under_dispute
    under_investigation
    Har status ka:
    clear meaning
    clear priority
    clear access rules
    define kiye gaye.

🔹 Backend Logic
    User status update ke liye event-driven approach use ki:
    pehle DB update
    phir wasChanged('status') ke through exact status-change detect
    Har status ke sath:
    relevant timestamp (*_at) manage
    old states properly reset
    Notifications sirf tab fire hoti hain jab actual status change hota hai, random updates par nahi.


🔹 Notifications System
    Har important status ke liye separate professional email notifications banayi:
    Activated
    Deactivated
    Suspended
    Under Dispute
    Under Investigation
    Tone har status ke according adjust ki:
    Suspension → firm
    Dispute → cooperative
    Investigation → neutral
    Deletion aur sensitive cases ke liye safe notification patterns use kiye (queue + routing issues consider kar ke).

🔹 Frontend Handling
    Frontend me:
    Status badges
    Proper labels (Title Case)
    Status-specific messages
    Restricted actions
    implement kiye.
    Axios requests ke liye JSON-aware responses handle kiye.
    UI aur backend messaging fully aligned rakhi.

🔹 Middleware Setup (Core Achievement)
    Multiple middlewares ke through:
    account access control
    status-based restrictions
    write-action vs read-action separation
    implement ki.
    Important points:
    Suspended user → full block + dedicated page
    Under investigation → write actions restricted
    Under dispute → context-specific restriction (e.g checkout)
    Dormant user → activity tracking + reactivation flow
    Sensitive routes (like data deletion) ko GET level par bhi secure kiya, taake URL hopping possible na ho.
    Middleware ko API-aware banaya:
    Web requests → redirect / flash
    Axios requests → proper JSON response
)✅

37. (

  🔹Refund Workflow Implementation
    A complete refund workflow has been implemented to support customer-initiated refund requests, administrative review, and status synchronization across the system.
    Order Status Enhancements

    Four new refund-related statuses have been added to the Orders table to properly reflect refund activity at the order level:
    refund_requested
    refund_approved
    refund_rejected
    refund_completed
    These statuses allow refund progress to be clearly visible in both admin and customer interfaces.

  🔹Order Refunds Data Model
    A new OrderRefunds table has been introduced to manage refund requests independently from the order lifecycle.
    This table stores:

    Refund request details submitted by the customer
    Refund amount and method
    Refund status transitions (requested, approved, rejected, completed)
    Administrative notes and references
    Timestamps for each stage of the refund process

    Each order can have a single refund request, ensuring data consistency and preventing duplicate submissions.


 🔹Customer Refund Request (Frontend)
    A new frontend refund request page has been added to the order view flow.

    Key behaviors:
    Refund requests can only be submitted when the order status is paid
    If a refund request already exists, or the order status has progressed beyond paid, the request option is disabled
    The customer is only required to provide a refund reason
    All security and business validations are enforced on the backend
    This ensures a clean and controlled refund request experience.


 🔹Backend Refund Management (Admin)
    A dedicated backend module has been implemented for administrators to:

    View all refund requests
    Approve, reject, or complete refunds
    Select refund methods (points, bank transfer, crypto)
    Add internal notes and references
    Strict status transition rules are enforced to prevent invalid refund flows.

 🔹Order and Refund Status Synchronization
    Refund status changes are automatically synchronized with the related order status to ensure system-wide consistency:
    refund_requested → Order marked as refund_requested
    refund_approved → Order marked as refund_approved
    refund_completed → Order marked as refund_completed
    refund_rejected → Order status reverted back to paid

    This approach preserves the original order lifecycle while accurately reflecting refund activity.

 🔹Business Logic and Notifications
    Business logic and side effects are handled through model events to maintain separation of concerns.

    Implemented behaviors include:
    Automatic reward points issuance upon completed point-based refunds
    Prevention of duplicate refund requests and duplicate point credits
    Email notifications sent to customers for each refund status change:
    Refund Requested
    Refund Approved
    Refund Rejected
    Refund Completed

    Notifications include order details, refund amount, refund method, and clear next steps for the customer.

 🔹 Summary
    This refund workflow provides a robust, secure, and scalable solution that:
    Maintains a clean separation between order lifecycle and refund lifecycle
    Ensures accurate financial and audit tracking
    Delivers a clear and user-friendly refund experience
    Supports future extensibility for additional refund methods or rules
)✅




38: Shipping Address Workflow (
 Keep Customer Profile + Shipping Address logic unchanged✅
 Add shipping info fields directly in orders table (snapshot)✅
 On order creation, copy shipping address data into order fields✅
 Remove dependency on shipping_address_id for order display✅
 Add “Request Shipping Address Update” option on order view (customer) ✅
 Create address change request flow (customer → admin) ✅
 Allow admin-only update of order shipping info ✅
 Restrict edits when order_status >= shipped ✅
 Log all shipping address changes (audit) ✅
 Do NOT update customer profile address when editing an order ✅
 Ensure shipped/delivered orders have locked addresses ✅
 All Shipping Address Related Notificxations Setup Completed ✅
)


39: Refund Logic Fixed Now it Rollbacks The Stock as well which were selected with the Order and Backend And Tables
Update To store Inventory item id in Order Items To Track actual Item when rollbacking  '''''''''''''''''''''' ✅

40: (

    TODO: Order Item Inventory Refactor (Completed)

    Refactored order item data access across the entire application.
    Previously, order items were directly accessing the Smartphone model.
    This caused ambiguity and incorrect stock handling because smartphones can have multiple physical inventory units.

    🔄 What changed
    Order items now always reference the assigned InventoryItem first.
    Smartphone data is accessed through the inventory item, not directly from the order item.
    This ensures each order item is tied to an actual physical stock unit.

    🧠 Why this was necessary
    To enable accurate stock tracking (on_hold, sold, in_stock).

    To prevent incorrect stock rollback during:
    order cancellation
    order expiration
    refund completion
    To support future flows like partial refunds, exchanges, and damaged returns.
    To keep inventory logic consistent and audit-safe across the system.

    🛠 Scope of update
    Updated backend logic wherever order items were previously using direct smartphone access.
    Updated frontend rendering to fetch product data via inventory → smartphone.
    Refactored order cancellation, expiration, and refund flows to release stock using inventory items only.
    Ensured no other order’s inventory can be affected unintentionally.

    🟢 Result
    Inventory tracking is now accurate, consistent, and production-safe.
    Each order item maps to exactly one physical stock unit.
    Stock state transitions are reliable across the entire order lifecycle.
)✅


41:
(

🔐 Account & Security Related
Email change request flow finalize kiya with:
Token expiry handling
Status transitions (pending → expired)
Token removal after expiry
Email change expiry ke liye custom Artisan command design aur implement ki
Notification flow clarify kiya ke email sirf commit ke baad trigger hoti hai
Confirm kiya ke custom notification notifiable ka name user model se aata hai

🏠 Shipping Address Module (Profile + Orders)
Shipping Address ka clear separation define kiya:
Profile-level shipping address

Order-level snapshot shipping address
Old vs New shipping address ka JSON-based change logging implement kiya

Shipping address ke liye:
Create
Update
Activate (toggle)
Delete

sab ke liye change logs + notifications add ki
Max 2 shipping addresses constraint implement ki
Ensure kiya ke sirf ek active shipping address ho sakta hai
Profile se shipping address add karne ka separate controlled flow banaya

🔔 Notifications

Shipping Address ke liye 4 professional notification types define kiye:
Created
Updated
Activated
Deleted

Notification placement refactor ki:

❌ Transaction ke andar nahi
✅ DB commit ke baad trigger
Notification consistency ensure ki across repositories

🧾 System Logs & Audit Trail
Shipping Address Change Logs ka full backend flow complete
IP address
User agent
User reference
Old data (JSON)
New data (JSON)
Eloquent casting ke zariye JSON auto-decode enable ki
Admin panel ke liye logs listing page integrate ki

🖥 Frontend (Admin / Dashboard)
Shipping address change logs ko frontend table me properly render karne ka logic finalize
JSON data ko human-readable format me display karne ka approach define
Table rendering ke liye:
Custom formatter logic
Multi-line address presentation

Admin UX improve ki taake:
Clear visibility ho ke kya change hua
Old vs New data easily compare ho sake

🧠 Architecture / Logic Improvements
Variable reference vs value behavior ko clearly reason out kiya

Confirm kiya ke:
Reference pass karne pe outer variable update hota hai
Direct value pass karne pe scope limited rehta hai
Countries list ko key-value associative format me convert karne ka logic finalize
Example: ['name' => 'Pakistan']

🧹 Code Quality & Consistency
Repository pattern ko consistently follow kiya
Validation messages ko centralized Trans helper ke through align kiya
Role-based checks (Customer only) har sensitive action pe enforce ki
Error handling + rollback scenarios clean kiye
)✅


42: (
Module Set: Account Risk Signals + Unsettled Accounts + Notifications + Admin Controls

(1. Account Risk Signal System (User Activity Monitoring)
Purpose
To monitor abnormal user behavior across the platform and provide visibility to admins, without applying any automatic penalties.

What Was Implemented
A centralized Account Risk Signal system that tracks suspicious patterns.
Signals are informational only and visible in admin dashboards.
No auto-blocking, no auto-suspension.

Risk Detection Logic Implemented
High Frequency Actions
Detects excessive actions within a short time window.
Example: More than 20 actions within 5 minutes.

Burst Activity
Detects bot-like behavior.
Example: 10+ actions in 30 seconds.

Device High Frequency
Detects abnormal usage from the same device fingerprint.
Uses hashed device fingerprint only (privacy safe).

Rapid IP Change
Detects frequent IP switching within a short duration.
Reference-only signal, no enforcement.

Repeated Risk Pattern
Triggers when multiple different risk signals occur repeatedly over time.

Architecture Decisions
Uses Action Logs as the source of truth.
Signals stored in account_risk_signals table.

Signals have lifecycle:
open
resolved
expired
Expiry logic implemented via scheduled command.
Queue-based processing using Laravel Horizon (isolated supervisor).
)

(
2. Risk Signal Lifecycle & Data Integrity
Key Decisions
No destructive updates.
All signals remain stored for audit purposes.
Only one open signal per (user + signal_type) at a time.
Historical resolved / expired signals are preserved.
Automation

Scheduled command:
Automatically expires signals once expires_at is reached.
Admin can manually resolve signals.
System-resolved vs admin-resolved differentiation stored.
)

(
3. Unsettled Accounts Module (Order-Focused)
Definition (Aligned With Client Requirements)

An Unsettled Account is an account that has unfinished or unresolved order/payment activity over time, such as:
Payment pending too long
Payment failed and not retried
Refund requested but not resolved
Paid but not fulfilled
Repeated failed orders within a defined time window

Important Clarification
This module is purely order-related
No device, IP, or behavior tracking here
No automatic enforcement
)


(
4. Unsettled Account Detection Engine
Automated Detection (Command-Based)

Implemented a dedicated command that detects unsettled issues using order data:
Payment Pending Too Long
Payment Failed
Refund Not Resolved
Paid But Not Fulfilled
Repeated Failed Orders (Weekly Pattern)

Data Design
Each issue stored in account_unsettled_issues

Linked to:
User
Order (if applicable)
Meta JSON used where multiple orders exist (e.g. repeated failures)

Behavior
If same issue already exists as open, it updates metadata instead of duplicating.
New record created only when no open issue exists for the same reason.
)


(
5. Unsettled Account Notification System
Notification Philosophy

No automatic punishment
System only informs and reminds
Admin retains full control
)

(
6. Notification Configuration (Admin Controlled)
Admin Settings

Implemented a full admin-controlled configuration system:
Per unsettled reason:
Notification delay (hours)
Channel (Email / In-App)
Active / Inactive toggle

UI
Single-page configuration panel
All reasons shown together
Admin edits and saves in one action
Dark mode compatible UI
Tailwind + reusable components
)



(

7. Notification Scheduling & Delivery
How Notifications Are Sent

Separate scheduled command checks:
Open unsettled issues
Notification configuration
Notification history
Timing Logic

First notification:
Based on detected_at

Subsequent notifications:
Based on last sent time + configured delay
Prevents spam
Supports repeated reminders correctly
)


(
8. Notification Message System
Message Generation Strategy

Messages are generated dynamically, not stored as HTML.

Based on:
Reason type
Order number(s)
Plain text only (\n supported)

Benefits
Email safe
In-app safe
No XSS risk

Easy to render on frontend
)



(
9. Notification Logging & Audit Trail
What Is Logged

Every notification sent is logged with:
User
Unsettled issue
Channel
Message content
Sent time
System vs manual send

Purpose
Full audit trail
Admin visibility
Historical accountability
)

(
10. Manual Admin Actions
Admin Capabilities

Mark unsettled issue as resolved
Send custom message to user
Add internal admin-only notes
View notification history
View linked orders directly
All actions are logged.
)



(
11. Admin UI – Unsettled Accounts Dashboard
Features

Filter by status

Search by:
User name
Email
Phone
Order number
Card-based layout (clean, readable)
Status badges
Linked orders
Meta rendering (multiple orders supported)
Notes displayed inline (if present)
Dark mode ready
)

(
12. In-App Notifications
Uses Laravel default notifications table
Stored as database notifications
Rendered using safe text rendering
Supports multi-line messages
Action URLs included where relevant
)


(
13. System Architecture Quality
Key Design Principles Followed

Separation of concerns
No tight coupling
Queue-safe operations
Idempotent commands
Audit-first mindset
Admin-first control model
No silent automation or penalties
)


14.
(
    Frontend Notifications Page Created And Made it Gouping Wise, Like,  All, Unread, Read,
    Also added Seen Marking on Notification
    Also Added Destroy Notification
    Also Added Mark All as Seen Functionality
)

15.
(
    Unsettled Accounts Marking as Resolved + Custom Mesage Send + Adding Note For Admin Internal Audit Added
)

16.
(
    Order Item Table Updated And Added inventory_item_id in it to Track actual Item which were used in the order Also
    Updated All ORder Fecthing Logics Which were using before direct smarpthoen added from orderitems not it uses inventoryItem.smartphone
    to get Proper Order Items And Updated All Frontend + checkout for Place Order and Dashboard Order Related Routes

)

17. Final Status

✔ Risk system implemented
✔ Unsettled account logic aligned with client definition
✔ Notification system fully configurable
✔ Admin tools complete
✔ UI complete
✔ Audit logging complete
✔ No data loss scenarios
✔ Production-safe design
)✅


43: Shop Page Category OnSelect Size Change Fixed ✅
44: Contact Us Page  Hero Text Alignemnt FIX And Text Size Also Adjusted According To PDF ✅
45: Langauge Modal Select Input And Its TEXT And Background Styling FIXED And its Button Stylign also Updated ✅
46: Desktop Feed Elipsis Button Hashtag and Close Icon Buttons background Color Now Only shows when hovers According to PDF ✅

47: Desktop Feed (Smartphones) And Mobile Feed (Smartphones) Already Exists CartItems Showing When Mounts Logic Removed To align with new Requirement ✅
48: Multiple Same Smartphones Adding in Cart Logic Added with these conditions -> (
    1: When the selected smartphone isnt exists at all it will simply add new
    2: Product Exists But Wtih Differrent Selections Like Addons And Others And new Product Have Differnernt Selections so it will Treat it as new Item in the cart
    3: If  New Selections are same as we already have than it will increment in the quantity
)✅

49: Because of New Requirement For Cart Change, Cart Update And Remove + Addons Update And Remove Logic Adjusted ✅
50: Because of New Requirement For Cart Change, Checkout Flow Updated And Algined With new Requirement ✅
51: Because of New Requirement For Cart Change, Cart And Checkout Frontend Page UI Updated And Adjusted the Addons Showign logic with each seperate smartphone before it was simple since we had only one smartphone can be add at a time Logic But Now it Properly Diffrenciate Between Each Item and its addons also same Diffrenciate Logic Applied On Checkout Backend ✅

52: New Column Added in order_items table to track proper stock units from inventory By Storing all Stock IDS used in the order To properly marking that item as soon  order proceeds + ORder Refund + All Commands Using THe Ivnentory Rollback Or Updates + Order Manage Backend  Are Updated and Adjusted and aligned with the New Logic Now it properly tracks each item properly so no other stock might accadently rollabcks or updates from different order  ✅

53: Order Items & Addons Mapping Logic Updated
Cart items are no longer mapped to order items using smartphone_id because same smartphone can exist multiple times in cart with different selections.
A new mapping logic is introduced using cart_item_id → order_item_id mapping during order creation so that each addon is attached to its correct order item instead of always attaching to the last created one. ✅


54: Buy Now (Single Product Checkout) Flow Adjusted
Buy Now checkout now uses a session-based cart item instead of database cart. Order placement logic is adjusted to handle both database cart items and session-based cart items consistently without breaking inventory tracking, addon mapping, or checkout flow. ✅


55: Inventory Locking & Transaction Safety Improved
Inventory units are locked using database transactions during order placement to prevent race conditions. All inventory status changes are rollback-safe if order placement fails at any step. ✅



56: Cart Page Ui Changed To New One Accordign to the PDF✅
57: Calculate Price For Cart Items Helper Updated and added items_total whihc just gives Only Total items Cost,✅

58: Checkout Page Redesgined ANd Ui Completed According to The PDF ✅
59: Lucid React Icon Library Added ✅
60: New 3 Columns Added In Orders Table -> (
    "points_used" => For Tracking How much Amount it  Paid For This Order Using Points
    "full_amount" => Tracking THe Full Order Amount
    "secondary_payment_method" To Track The 2nd Payment Method Used For the order when Uisng Points payment
    )✅

 61: Accross the Site Amount COlumn For order Changed To Full_amount where i was using amount column i replaced it with full_amount of order column
     And Now Amount Column For ORders Using as Remeaning Amount of Order Accross The Site✅
 62: Checkout Full Flow Rewritten According to new Payment Option Logics And Points + Payment Method Logics as Discussed with Joseph ✅
 63: (Cart Items Logic Updates Before we were showing cart items on checkout and on cart But In Checkout User Only can view the Items
     But Now THe new design showcased user on checkout page can also edit delete The Items So Cart Items Shown There in checkout page as well
     But there were was one Critical Issue is that when updating cart item from checkout page if user comes from  buy_now button by clicking directly
     from product page to checkout, so there wasnt any cart items in the cart becasue when user directly tries to purchase any product By clicking
     on Buynow button it simply creates a Session and Stores as That cart items so our update logic for the cart is asks for actual cart item but
     there wasnt any so The Logic To Handle The Cart Item + Session Cart Items If BuyNow Implemented ensuring the Proper Calculation and Quantity Updates
     And Same Applies For The Addon Items) ✅

64: Critical Issue Fixed: From Order view page before anyone can view anyones Order it was way critical Now i have identified that issue so i have Restricted
    Order View Only That order user can view which Belogns To Him Personally ✅

65: Social Media Helper Added InCheckout Page BEfore we were showign Buttons Diretcly below the Order Summary card
    Which was breaking the UX so now it SHows as helper Iocn right corner From Bottom of the Site And when clickign on it
    The Modal popups On the Right side and Shows the Social Media Items So when clicign on it it will diretcly take user to the Sites social media Platform (If Configured Proper URL From Backend Meta Configuration) ✅

66: In Now Payment invoice Status Check And Auto marking Order Failed if not paid Command Updated And Added Reward points Rollbacking If Used For the
    Specific Order ✅

 67: All Notifications Related To Order Updated And Added New Column From order table full_amount replacing amoutn where i was showing ful_amount of the order in the Notification and added 2 Colums Remeaning Amount And Full amount to differenciate Properly On appropriate Places in notifications ✅

 68: Spatiotemporal and Global Filter Modal backdrop Blur Removed To Make  consistency Accross the site ✅
 69:  Order Table Columns Updated in backend and added 3 more columns in it to get Full admin View (Points used, full amount, amount ),
 70:  ORder View In Backend Order Summary Updated and added 3 new rows one shows full amount and one shows Remeanign amount and one shows Points payment ✅,

 71: Order Refund Backend Updated now it proerly stores The Refund Full amount before it was using the amount column from order which now is using as Remeaning amount ✅



72: Order Repository Checkout Flow Error Fixed Because Of Frontend Points Sending Logic Before it was mistakely wrapped with [] now fixed ✅



73: Orders Page Changed To New UI Completed ✅

74: Orders Page All New Actions Completed -> Cancel Order, ReOrder, Refund Order, Address Change, Pay Now For Crypto Payments ✅

75: Cancel Order -> New Module In Backend [Dashboard] Added For Order Cancelation Requests And Added Functionality For Admin To Review, Approve Or Reject Requests ✅

76: Cancel Order -> All Notifications Added (Approve / Reject)
→ Email + Meta Notifications For Admin And Customer
→ Order Cancel Request Withdrawal Logic Added (Only For Requested Status)
→ Withdrawal Email Notification Included ✅

77: ReOrder -> Full Order Replication With Buy Now Session Functionality
→ Fully Compatible Cart-Like Behaviour Implemented ✅

78: Buy Now Session Creation Logic Updated
→ Now Supports Multiple Smartphones In A Single Session (Specially For ReOrders) ✅

79: Cart-Like Behaviour For Buy Now Session Implemented
→ Cart Update
→ Addon Update
→ Cart Item Remove
→ Addon Remove
(All Fully Synced With Session Logic) ✅

80: Checkout Page Payment Method Icons UI Updated
→ Changed To Mono Tone Style For Better Visual Consistency ✅

81: Order Expiry Logic Updated
→ 1 Day Grace Period Added For Pending & Awaiting Payment Orders
→ Automatic Expiration Logic After Grace Period Implemented ✅

82: Reward Points Issue Fixed
→ Points Were Not Assigning When Collaborator Promo Code Was Used With Crypto Payments ✅

83: Reward Points Duplication Issue Fixed
→ Prevented Duplicate Points Assignment For Already Paid Orders ✅

84: Reward Points Dashboard Improvement
→ User Select Input Now Shows Email Along With User Name ✅

85: New Fields Added In Orders Table ✅

previous_status
→ Used For Refund Flow (If Refund Request Is Rejected, Order Automatically Falls Back To Previous Status)

expires_at
→ For Tracking Unpaid Orders Expiry Window

expired_at
→ For Tracking When Order Is Actually Expired

canceled
→ For Tracking Canceled Orders

86: Reward Points Table Updated
→ points Column Converted To BIGINT To Support Large Reward Values ✅

87: Search Page Tabs Auto-Scroll / Jump Issue Fixed
→ Tabs No Longer Move Unexpectedly On Click ✅

88: Hashtag Page Logic Updated
→ Dependency On Filters Removed
→ Filters Are Now Only Applied To Main Feed (As Intended) ✅

89: Search Page “All” Tab Scroll Jump Issue Fixed
→ Root Cause Identified (DOM Width Reflow On State Update)
→ Tab Rendering Optimized To Prevent Horizontal Scroll Movement
→ Behaviour Now Consistent With Other Tabs ✅


90: All Translation Keys Added For new Pages And New Content ✅


91: Website Order View Single Page Ui Changed And Redesigned According to the PDF ✅
92: Packaging Videos Section Added In Order View Single Page In PDF it was missing ✅
93: Restriction Added While Uploading Payment Proof If User Already Submits Cancelation Request To The Order ✅
94: FileUploader For Payment Proof Updated And design Made according to the PDF
95: Overall Changes New Content + Text Translation Keys added ✅
96: Order Model Custom Accessors Issue Fixed When Going to Dashboard there was an error showing Now its fixed ✅

97: All Ui Fixes Related To New PDF Completed ✅
98: Back Button Added On Each Appropriate Page On Mobile ✅
99: Whole Website All Pages Alignment + Font Sizes Adjusted And Made Consistency Between Them ✅
100: Notification Page LI Added in Bottombar More Dropdown ✅

101: Orders Module Dashboard Delivered Status Optionl Documents Upload Logic + Showing On Orders View Section + Backend File Handling And Uploading On AWS Done + Orders Table Updated And Added ne column Final_attachments Column to Store Attachments ✅
102: Posts And Smartphones Assets ReOrdering Added ✅
103: Posts And Smartphone Images Marking Badge As Main Image on First Image Which Will Display Added ✅
104: Aligned The Elipsis Button Of Dashboard tables To Right ✅
105: Aligned The Action Button To The Right Corner Of Dashboard Table ✅
106: Increased The Search Input Width Slightly To Make Wider ✅
107: FIXED The Hover State For Mobile On Orders And Shop Page Tabs On Website To Dont Use Hover On Mobile Devices ✅
108: Smartphone Details Bitcoin Badge Text Changed To Crypto  ✅

109: Whole Dashboard Menu Items Changed According To The PDF ✅
110: Permissions Grouping Adjusted According to menu items ✅
111: New Permissions Added For Model Names, Colors, Conditions, DataDeletion Request, Capacity, Addon-on Items + Whole Setting Module's Each Module Permission ✅
112: Backend Restriction For Whole Setting Module's Modules Added ✅
113: Setting Controller Some Methods Naming Adjusted ✅
114: New Column added Named (alias) To Give alias Upon Those Permissions which were configured Before and Now thier Name is Changed In The Dashboard Menu ✅
115: Whole Website Unused Imports Removed To Optimize Site a Bit More ✅

116: Meta Notification Jobs Content Wrapped in Trans Helper To get Translation On User Locale Stored in DB ✅
117: All Meta Notification Jobs Content Keys Added In Translation Seeder ✅
118: All Email Notifications Wrapped in Trans Helper To get Translation On User Locale Stored in DB  ✅
119: All Email Notifications Content Keys Added In Translation Seeder ✅
120: Global Search, Profile Edit , Profile Image Cropper, Change Password Modal Backdrop Blur Removed And Made Backgound Only Little Visible Like Other Modals In The Application
121: SHop Page Redirect Identifier If Customer Coming From Shop Page So Now When Feed Closes it will redirect back to shop page On Desktop and On Mobile Feed Both are Beign Implemented ✅
122: Bookmark Page Title And Description Added And Back Button For Mobile Added ✅
123: Unnesesary Column Spacing In Mac Safari Issue FIXED ✅
124: The Same message Appears From Toast Issue Fixed ✅
125: Masonary Feed Mis arangement Issue Fixed ✅
126: Mobile Feed back button and hashtag Aligmenet Corrected With the Mobile Feed Single Page ✅
127: Checkout Page Points Card Unresponsiveness Of points input Fixed ✅
128: Orders View Page Card Buttons In Mobile Now Takes Full Width  issue (Not taking full width) Fixed ✅
129: Notifications Page Notifications Count SHowed Fully Before Showing 9+ when greater than 9 ✅
130: Go to Cart Message Link SHowed in Add item Message When Product Added In Cart  So Now User can Directly Go To Cart after adding the item✅
131: Confirmation Added Before Removing Cart Item logic added on Cart and checkout page and Applied on Both Product and addon Removal ✅
132: Email Verification Error Fixed Before there was showing error of undefined is_deactivated key so now its fixed ✅
133: ORder Checkout page Points Payment Method Related Logic Updated when points are less or 0 from total of order amount so points paynnet method will be disabled and when points payment method selects it will automatically adds total to points just for frontend ✅
134: Sidebar Menu Updated Unsettled Account Moved To System Group  ✅
135: All Policies Sidebar (Left Container) Scroll Prevented On Wheel and Full ooage scroll Logic Updates And optimized Sekecting item Logic at all ✅
136: Bookmark Page Redirect To Feed and opening and than closing feed now will take back again to bookmarks its a UX FIX  ✅
137: Back Button Added In Website and Dashboard Sidebar In The PWA Desktop Only ✅
138: Use points Section Hidden When points payment method Selected in checkout page ✅
139: Order View and Single page  Updated SPecially For view page upload Payment proof button hidden when cancelation requested and same applies for single page to hide payment proof upload and other related sections when Requested ✅
140: Migration From Digital Ocean TO AWS Full EC2 Setup With Redis + RDS Database Setup  ✅
141: Orders Page New Status Tab added Refunded And Prevenmted THe Click From Frontend On Buttons Of Requests Such as Cacnelation, Refund, address Changes when any of them Processed by the admin (Approves or rejected) than user cant withdraw that request ✅
142: Notifications Page FIXED Now Added COnfirmation On Each Action Read, Delete, All Read ✅
143: Count Fixed Of Notifications ✅
144: Filtering Notifications Now Properly FIxed and it sents Filter Type to Backend To Fetch Fresh Results And Dont rely on Initial Result ✅
145: Packaging Video Upload Issue FIXED Binary Was Missing Of FFMPEG On New EC2 Migrated Server   ✅
146: New Commission Logic Added  And COmmission Module Added in Commissions Named Platform Commission As well as The Permissions Setuped for that ✅
147: Order Model Event Logic Updated when order Delivered so at that time it will create Platform Commission ✅
148: Platform Commission Setting Added In Commission settings table on database and Our backend for handling the New Type platform commission type ✅
149: Frontend Stock Badge On Products  From Cart , Checkout, Product Single Page Removed  ✅
150: Backend Cart Item Adding Updating Logic Stock Check Removed ✅
151: Cart , Chcekout Page Quantity Increase, Descrese of Product + Addon Button Fixed Now it wont be Foucable and Mass quantity increase when entering or clicking any keyboard button it only icreases from mouse click to prevent backend mass calls ✅
152: Notifications Page Issue FIXED✅

152: Strict Order Stock Guard Implemented ✅
Order status progression is now strictly controlled. An order cannot move forward (paid → shipped → arrived_locally → delivered) unless every order item has fully reserved inventory equal to its required quantity.

153: Detailed Stock Validation Messages Added ✅
Stock validation errors now display proper smartphone model names instead of IDs, along with clear required, reserved, and missing quantities.

154: Stock Needed Summary Added to Orders List ✅
Each order now includes a computed stock summary showing whether it is complete, total missing quantity, and detailed missing items.

155: Expandable Stock Needed UI Implemented ✅
Orders list now shows first three missing items by default, with a functional “Show more / Show less” toggle per order.

156: React Hook Issues Resolved in Orders Table ✅
Replaced improper useEffect column setup with useMemo and fixed hook order issues to ensure stable rendering.

157: Supplier Assignment Architecture Designed and Implemented ✅
Created supplier_assigned_orders table with proper foreign keys and unique constraint to enforce one supplier per order.

158: Assign Supplier Logic Secured ✅
Supplier assignment now validates backend conditions, prevents duplicate assignments, and enforces database-level protection.

159: Conditional Assign Supplier Button Added ✅
Assign Supplier button now appears only when the user has permission and the order is not already assigned.

160: Supplier Email Notification Implemented ✅
When an order is assigned, the supplier receives an email notification containing order details, customer information, missing stock summary, and a direct link to view the order.

161: System Security and Business Rules Strengthened ✅
All critical validations are enforced at backend level, ensuring no reliance on frontend-only checks and preventing inconsistent order state transitions.


168: Allow Orders Without Inventory ✅
The system must allow customers to place orders even when there is no available inventory. Inventory validation must only block status progression, not order creation.

162: Supplier Orders Module ✅
163: Supplier Orders View Module ✅
164: Supplier Orders Module Page For Admin to see all Supplier Assigned Records with Proper Status ✅
165: Suppliers Assigned Order Action For Going to Batch and Add Those Stocks Which are required for the Assigned Order ✅
166: Supplier Order Inventory Add Logic +  Auto Syncing With Ordered Items And Saving In The inventory_item_ids section and adding one id in inventory_item_id with proper Status tracking of status if Order already paid than we will update Status Of The Added stock to directly SOLD because Order is Already PAID ✅

167: Supplier Order Assignment Mail Action Needed to be Fixed and Replaced with the actual Supplier Order View Module ✅

168: Restricted Supplier Order View  ✅


169: Supplier Inventory Registration Module  ✅
Suppliers must have access to a controlled inventory registration system that:
Allows them to add stock
Restricts stock addition to assigned products only
Syncs inventory automatically with pending assigned orders

170: Order cancellation by admin implemented ✅
171: Email notification sent to customer on cancellation ✅
172: Stock rollback completed (used inventory returned) ✅
173: Inventory items marked as available again ✅
174: Reward points restored (if used)  ✅
175: Order status updated to "canceled" ✅

176: Inventory Verification Module implemented to allow verification of inventory items before they are made available in the system ✅

177: Inventory Verification module visibility now controlled through a combination of Role Permissions and a Distributor-specific flag.
If the user role is Distributor, the module will only be visible when:

The user has the Inventories Verification permission, AND

The Distributor → Can Verify Inventory flag is enabled for that distributor.
Both conditions must be satisfied for access. This restriction applies only to distributor accounts. ✅

178: Added “Can Verify Inventory” flag in the Distributor module to control verification capability on a per-distributor basis.
This allows administrators to selectively enable or disable inventory verification for individual distributors instead of applying it globally to all users with the verification permission. ✅


179: Updated frontend authorization logic to correctly evaluate the distributor verification flag together with the permission check, ensuring the Inventory Verification module is only rendered when both backend conditions are satisfied. This prevents the module from appearing in the sidebar when the distributor does not have verification rights. ✅

180: Updated verification workflow to ensure that inventory verification is performed only by authorized users, maintaining system integrity and preventing unauthorized distributors from verifying or approving inventory items. ✅

181: New module added under Products → Country Prices to manage country-specific smartphone price overrides. ✅

182: Implemented synchronization logic for smartphone pricing:
If a country-specific price exists, the system will use that price; otherwise it will fallback to the default selling price. (Aligned with client requirement) ✅

183: Fixed smartphone price calculation issue where taxes were previously being calculated twice. ✅

184: Added new permissions for the Country Prices module. ✅

185: Secured the Country Prices module using the newly created permission guards. ✅

186: Posts edit logic updated to allow editing of Spatiotemporal information. ✅

187: Posts Create and Edit pages now display the selected Spatiotemporal information alongside the Location Detector Method input. ✅
188: Bottom Bar Dashboard Shortcut added before it was only showing For The Admin Role ✅
189: Bottom Bar Email Verification Popup Fixed Auto closing When clicked Outside from The POPUP On Mobile And Hide button Of Mobile Email Verification PopUp Style FIXED ✅

190: New Columns Added In ORders Table To Track When Delivered And When Delivery Confirmed and its TimeStamp ✅
191: Auto Delivery Confirm When 7 Days Passed Of Status Delivered ✅
192: Return Refund Restriction: When Delievry Confirmed After That 72 Hours Till Refund Will be acceptable Otherwise the Refund window Will be Closed And No Longer Refund will be  Proceeded  Frontend  + Backend Restriction Implemented✅
193: Prices Showing Logic Improved For Frontend To make Consistency Between Prices Of Orders Module ✅
194: Desktop Feed, Mobile Feed, Cart, Checkout, Shop, Search Page, Hashtag Page, on all places The Dispalying Price Of Product Is Improved And Consistent Accross the Site Website  ✅

195: DB Table Update refund_requests to take 2 videos defected_video refund_packageing_video ✅
196: Website refund Request Module First will ask IMEI For Scan When order status is Delivered To MArk Auto Delivery Cofnirmed if user scans it ✅
197: Live Recording Logic For Both Videos in Refund Request Page ✅
198: And SHowing Those Videos In Refund Requets Module Of Dashboard For Admin ✅
199: FIX All Dashboard + invoices Amount Styling To Make Consistency Between Dashboard + Website Price Display Of Products ✅
200: After One Time Refund Withdrawl Again Refund WOnt be Requested And For Preventing that I added NMew Status For refund_status as withdrawn whihc indicates This request has already been Withdrawn ✅
201:  Prevention Added After One time withdrawal to again withdrawl on Frontend + Backend ✅
202: Barcode Scanner Changes Due to Low Scanning From Previous Scanner ✅
203: New Indication added For Identifying The Order has Confirmed Delivery Or not in Backend + Website ✅
204: Auto Marking delivery confirmed after Order status reaches to delivered after 7 days ✅
205: Auto Disabling Refund Request When 72 Hours Passed From delivery confirmed ✅
206: Smartphone Edit Module Updated And Added Spatiotemporal Info Update Logic There similarly Like POST EDIT MODULE  ✅
207: Order Update Logic FIXED When Order Refund Exists it was Behaving inconsistently So i FIXED Using:  ✅
    1: When Order Refund Exists And its status is requested , approved, completed than the order cannot be Modified at all
    2: If Status is Withdrawn Or Rejected than order can be proceed Because The Request has Been withdrawn OR Rejected
208: ORder Refund Edit Page Restriction For Asking Refund Method When selected rejected Status Restriction Removed Now it wont ask for  refund method when request is rejected ✅

209: In ORders Details Page Of Dashboard Payment Proof Updated So when Order Fully Paid Via POints than it will tell Viewer That it was paid via Points thats why its not ✅
210: All Over The Dashboard Table Action Button Moved TO Far Left From Far Right   ✅
211: Orders table Columns Order Changed ✅
212:  Stock Registration List Page: (1) Missing Country Information: (Added),  (2)  Display Order:  (i) Country Information, (ii)  Total Amount (Added) ✅
213: 3. Stock Registration Detail Page Displayed Missing Items Summary in Stock Adding Page For Supplier ✅
214: Memo Not Visible on the Stock Fulfillment Page (Added)  ✅
215: Inventory For Supplier Temporary Save Function Needed  (Added) ✅
216: Supplier Field Display FIXED ✅
217: Supplier Email Notification FIXED ✅
218: New Order Status Indicator Added Purchase Confirmed and setuped its background Job to Monitor Orders Which ever passed 72 hours till delivbery confirmed date  it will auto mark those orders as purchase confirmed and also fire the Commission set Jobs When Purchase Confirmed ✅
219: Batch Invoice Upload Issue FIXED For Edit  ✅
220: Batch Invoice Required For Supplier Inventory Add Logic Added ✅
221. FileUploaderInput DefaultFile prop was only accepting plain URL strings but draft_data was storing objects with path, url, name, size fields. Fixed draftInvoiceUrls useMemo to properly extract only the url field from each object before passing to DefaultFile.

222. FulfillOrder.jsx was throwing map is not a function error because DefaultFile was sometimes receiving a non-array value. Fixed by adding Array.isArray check with fallback to empty array. ✅

223. Added is_invoice_removed flag to useForm and backend. This handles the case where supplier had a previously uploaded draft invoice, removes it before submitting, and sends no new invoice. Backend needed a way to distinguish between no invoice sent and invoice intentionally removed. ✅

224. $request->files->all() was not returning proper Laravel UploadedFile instances. Fixed by using $request->file('invoices') which is the correct Laravel helper and returns UploadedFile objects that work properly with storeAs(). ✅

225. Draft invoices were stored on S3. When fulfilling stock, the code was calling Storage::disk('s3')->path() to get the file path which returns a local filesystem path that does not exist on S3. Fixed by using Storage::disk('s3')->get() to download the file contents, creating a temp file with tempnam(), writing contents with file_put_contents(), then wrapping in Illuminate\Http\UploadedFile and injecting into request via $request->files->set('invoices', $uploadedFiles). ✅


227. Did a full requirements review of supplier screen and admin screen. Supplier side was fully done. Admin side had two things missing: fulfilled order detail view access was blocked, and admin had no ability to edit inventory after fulfillment. ✅

228. isReadOnly condition was only checking $assignment->status === 'fulfilled' which blocked everyone including admin. Fixed to $assignment->status === 'fulfilled' && !$user->hasRole('Admin') so admin can still access and edit fulfilled orders. ✅

229. Implemented admin edit mode. Frontend sends is_edit_mode flag when admin submits on a fulfilled assignment. Backend fulfillOrderStock method checks this flag and routes to updateBatch when true and storeBatch when false. ✅

230. There was no direct link between SupplierAssignedOrder and Batch. Created a migration to add batch_id as a nullable foreign key column on supplier_assigned_orders table so the system knows which batch belongs to which assignment when admin opens edit mode. ✅

231. Added invoice rename logic for edit mode. updateBatch expects invoices under the new_invoices key. So when is_edit_mode is true and invoices are present in the request, renamed them by calling $request->files->set('new_invoices', $request->file('invoices')) and removing the original invoices key. ✅

232. Updated fulfillOrderStockDetails controller to return batchData for admin edit mode. Added batch.inventory_items relation and built a batchData object containing id, batch_name, vat, base_purchase_unit_price, extra_costs, invoice URLs, and inventory_items so the frontend can pre-populate the edit form. ✅

233. Added isEditMode and batchData props to FulfillOrder.jsx component signature. Added is_edit_mode field to useForm initial state. ✅

234. Added edit mode populate useEffect that only runs when isEditMode is true and batchData is available. It sets batch_name, vat, base_purchase_unit_price, extra_costs and normalizes inventory_items with id field so existing items get updated rather than recreated on submit. ✅

235. Added isEditMode early return guard to the three other useEffects (auto-generate, draft restore without draft_data, draft restore with draft_data) so they do not run in edit mode and do not overwrite the batchData that was populated. ✅

236. Updated draftInvoiceUrls useMemo. In edit mode use batchData.invoices, in normal mode use assignment.draft_data.invoices. ✅

237. Updated submit button condition to (!isReadOnly || isEditMode) so the button shows for admin in edit mode. ✅

238. Save Progress button now only shows when !isEditMode. Admin edit mode does not need draft saving. ✅

239. Draft restored banner condition updated to also check !isEditMode so it does not show when admin is editing. ✅

240. updateBatch had a delete and recreate pattern for inventory items which was dangerous because it would delete items regardless of their order status. Replaced with an upsert pattern: compare existing IDs against incoming IDs, only delete items not present in incoming list, update existing items, create new items. ✅

241. In the upsert update logic, status field is intentionally not touched. Only editable fields are updated: smartphone_id, storage_location_id, imei1, imei2, eid, serial_no, batch_id. This preserves whatever status the inventory item had. ✅

242. Added protection for sold and on_hold items. If any item in the toDelete list has status sold or on_hold, throw a ValidationException with a message listing the affected IMEI numbers and their statuses, telling the user these items cannot be removed because they are already assigned to an order. ✅

243. The status string formatting had a bug where a PHP function call was being used inside string interpolation which does not work. Fixed by extracting to a variable first: $status = ucwords(str_replace('_', ' ', $i->status)) and then using $status inside the interpolated string. ✅

244. $this->inventory->whereIn()->delete() does not fire Eloquent model events on bulk delete. Fixed by using ->get()->each->delete() to delete each item individually so the deleted boot event fires for every item. ✅

245. Added deleted boot event to the Inventory model. When an inventory item is deleted, it finds all OrderItem records that have this item's ID in their inventory_item_ids JSON array and removes that ID from the array. Uses saveQuietly to avoid triggering other events and causing loops. ✅


247. In updateBatch, invoice validation was still requiring a file even in edit mode because it was sharing the same validation with storeBatch. Split the validation so when is_edit_mode is true the invoice field becomes optional, and only validate it if a new file is actually present. ✅

248. Created supplier_assignment_logs migration with columns: id, supplier_assigned_order_id, user_id, memo, file_path, file_name, timestamps. No softDeletes because logs are meant to be permanent. ✅

249. Added boot method to SupplierAssignmentLog model that blocks updating and deleting events entirely, making log records immutable after creation. updateQuietly is the only way to update a log record (used internally by the upload job to set file_path after S3 upload). ✅

250. Created UploadSupplierBatchMemoLogAttachmentOnAWS job. It uploads the file to S3 under the assignment_logs/ path, then calls updateQuietly on the log record to store file_path and file_name. ✅

251. Created addLogForAssignment controller method. It accepts memo and attachment, creates the log record, and if an attachment is present it dispatches the upload job using dispatchSync so it runs immediately in the same request. ✅

252. Added Activity Log section to FulfillOrder.jsx inside the isReadOnly block. Built a timeline style UI with a vertical line and dot per entry. Each log shows author name, timestamp, memo text, and a clickable file attachment link if one exists. ✅

253. Added log entry form below the timeline in the same isReadOnly block. Has a Textarea for memo, FileUploaderInput for optional attachment, and an Add to Log button. Manages logMemo, logFile, and logSubmitting state. Submits via router.post with preserveScroll true and preserveState false. ✅

254. Added key prop to the Smartphone SelectInput: key={`smartphone-${idx}-${item.smartphone_id}`} so the component remounts when smartphone_id changes and shows the correct selected value. ✅

254. Added key prop to the Smartphone SelectInput: key={`smartphone-${idx}-${item.smartphone_id}`} so the component remounts when smartphone_id changes and shows the correct selected value. ✅
255. SelectInput component had useState initialized to empty array and useEffect to set options. When multiple inventory rows are dynamically generated, the new rows mount fresh with options as empty array, then on next tick the useEffect fires and sets options. This two-step render caused react-select to briefly render without styles, showing a white background flash. Fixed by removing useState and useEffect entirely and replacing with useMemo so options are computed synchronously on the same render with no intermediate empty state.

254. Added key prop to the Smartphone SelectInput: key={`smartphone-${idx}-${item.smartphone_id}`} so the component remounts when smartphone_id changes and shows the correct selected value. ✅
256. Also wrapped SelectInput styles inside useMemo with isDarkMode as dependency so styles reactively update if dark mode is toggled.  ✅

257. Confirmed IMEI field requirements: imei1 is required, imei2 is nullable, serial_no is nullable, eid is nullable. Backend validation was already matching this.   ✅

258: Added isViewMode prop to FulfillOrder component signature alongside the existing isAdmin and isEditMode props, so the component knows when a non-admin supplier is viewing a fulfilled order.✅
259: Updated the batchData populate useEffect to run for both isEditMode and isViewMode instead of only isEditMode. Also added isViewMode to the dependency array so it triggers correctly when the mode is determined on mount.✅
260: Added if (isViewMode) return guard to the auto-generate useEffect so it does not overwrite batchData populated inventory items with empty rows when a supplier views a fulfilled order.✅
261: Added if (isViewMode) return guard to the draft restore useEffect that runs when assignment.draft_data is absent, for the same reason.✅
262: Added if (isViewMode) return guard to the draft restore useEffect that runs when assignment.draft_data is present, so it does not overwrite fulfilled batch data with draft data in view mode.✅
263: Updated draftInvoiceUrls useMemo to check isEditMode or isViewMode when deciding to use batchData.invoices, so the invoice file shows correctly for supplier in view mode as well as admin in edit mode.✅
264: Fixed extra costs table visibility. The outer condition was !isReadOnly which hid the table entirely in view mode and edit mode. Changed to always render the table when extraCosts.length > 0, and moved the !isReadOnly check to only wrap the Action column header and the delete button cell, so costs are visible to everyone but only editable and deletable when not in read-only mode. ✅
265: Secondary verification recording flow implemented on the Order Details page via the Begin Verification button in the Package Video section. ✅
266: Secondary Verfication Implement With New Approach During Recording Scanning barcode Logic Implemented ✅
267: Beep Sound Implemented on successfull barcode Scanned ✅
268: All Over system Verification With Barcodes Logic Improved Now It Scans With ALl Codes IMEI 1,2 Serial_no, eid (if applicable) ✅
269: Order Refund + Inventory verification Column Removed OF Specific IMEI And ADDED scanned_code Column to Store verification scanned code ✅
270: Video Recorder + Scanner Optimized So it wont feel Laagy or hang the device ✅
271: same Secondary verification also implemented on package recording Module where we create package recordings to customer orders Just Like in Order View Module We Created ✅
272: Order Address Change Request Prevented If User Trying To Change The Shipping Country After Placing An Order ✅
273: Scanner Code Updated Added Auto Refocus Logic + Manual Click Or Touch Auto Refocus Logic added IF Supported By the Device ✅


274: Guard Added AT Checkout that is Checkes Same Country From GEO IP info and Shipping Address Country IDS if Okay than Proceed otherwise it will prevent Submiting Order ✅

275: GEO IP Detection ADDED For Showing Country Wise PRices Of Smartphones If Applicable and Verification At checkout of Country ID to chekc country coming from Ip and from the active shipping address matches or not if matches than proceed otherwise return and shows error ✅

276: Countries Sorted By Alphabets and Changed Some Of COuntries Fetching Logic which wasnt using Setting Repository to fetch getCountries now they are using that ✅

277: Scanner FOCUS ISSUE FIXED AND ALSO OPTIMIZED SCANNING LOGIC AND UPDATED ALL SCANNER CODES Across the SITE ✅
278: Spinner Hiding Issue FIXED WHEN OPENING SIDEBAR OF DASHBOARD On MOBILE Zindex FIXED and its CSS ADDED TO MAKE it More Good ✅


279: NEW Email Notification Added TO Notify Related Distributor Of the Product when its stock adds ✅
280: Back Button Of Customer Invoice Redirection at Home When viewing From Non Admin Role Now i have made it wider to check if not cusotme rthan will redirect back and onl;y for customers it will redirect to home   ✅
281: Shipping Invoice View Page was restricted And Only Admin can view that due to OUR OLD Initial Requirements But  now Distributor Also can view that so i have removed the restrction ✅
282: Video Recording Verification + Snapshot Taking and Scanning It Using Custom HEAVY LOGIC ADDED also added crop functionality when image taken to adjust the Captured image ✅
283: NEW Component added PackageVerificationRecorder.jsx to Reuse the Same code in Multiple Places ✅
284: FIXED THE BATCH EDIT PAGE router dep missing issue ✅
285: Customer Order Invoice Back Nutton fixed and shipping invoice view mode as well ✅











 <- Review Remeaning (Done) ->
(
Joseph Kim
4:51 PM
Upon review, I noticed that there is no basic functionality for administrators to manage user accounts.
The following management features are mandatory and must be implemented:
1 Dormant account management
2 Shipping address modification (upon user request)
3 Order status–related metadata management
4 bRefund / return–related status values
5 Account status flags (e.g., active / suspended / under dispute / under investigation, etc.)
6 Customer internal notes (for admin use only)
7 User account deactivation / suspension / withdrawal handling
8 Duplicate account and unsettled (non-settled) account handling
*Additionally, please verify whether email notification functionality is implemented for users when the following actions occur:
1 Account suspension / reactivation
2 Email or address changes
3 Status changes resulting from administrative intervention
)
 <- Review Remeaning (Done) ->


NEW PAGES (Remeaning)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X9U--2BSjFL7-aKruAte17j6UZHRQc6gL7oGWYQKSAc/edit?usp=sharing Terms of service

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oA7T-ICq2eJGKK7DnH1gxWFR5xXPApp9jiLH8YlgBRk/edit?usp=sharing Global Refund & Return Policy

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OxFBnygAQO-C_IPxlPzvl_-x7bscGQYW9aObauVW5Qs/edit?usp=sharing Global Shipping policy

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V3av7aMOuhvzSWi2em7wBbVYYJn03h6mpPUKlKzRajI/edit?usp=sharing Final version of Privacy policy

spatiotemporal information is added to products, then when searching by spatiotemporal info.,
all types of posts and products will appear together in the search results.


change payment icon's color to mono tone on the product single page. and also change bitcoin icon to US tether icon

US tether icon svg: <svg width="256" height="256" viewBox="0 0 256 256" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M128 0C57.3 0 0 57.3 0 128s57.3 128 128 128 128-57.3 128-128S198.7 0 128 0zm62 91h-46v24.3c37.6 1.9 66 10 66 19.7 0 9.7-28.4 17.8-66 19.7V201h-32v-46.3c-37.6-1.9-66-10-66-19.7 0-9.7 28.4-17.8 66-19.7V91H66V63h124v28zm-78 35.2v25.2c-33.6-1.6-58-6.6-58-12.6 0-6 24.4-11 58-12.6zm32 25.2v-25.2c33.6 1.6 58 6.6 58 12.6 0 6-24.4 11-58 12.6z"
fill="#000000"/>
</svg>


DATADELETION PAGE CONTENT
Please add the “Terms of Service” menu above the “Privacy Policy” menu.
Also, change the current location where the “Data Deletion” menu is displayed.
Update the page title to “Deactivate Account.”
Finally, please include the content below on that page.

image.png
image.png
# Deactivate Account



This page allows you to deactivate your account.



Once your account is deactivated, access to the service will be immediately suspended, and you will no longer be able to log in or use any account-based features.



---



## Account Deactivation & Data Deletion Policy



When you deactivate your account, *all personal data associated with your account will be permanently deleted after a 30-day retention period**, starting from the date of deactivation.
* This includes account information, activity records, order history, and other personal data generated through your use of the service.
* During the 30-day period, account recovery is possible. After this period expires, your account and data cannot be restored.



---



## Information That May Be Retained (Important)



Certain information may be retained only to the extent required for legal compliance, security, system integrity, and account lifecycle management, including:



* Account creation and deactivation history
* Internal system identifiers
* Minimal records required for legal, security, audit, or compliance purposes



This retained metadata is not used to provide services or identify you for marketing purposes and is stored strictly in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.



---



## Important Notes



* Deactivating your account will immediately suspend access to all services.
* After 30 days, all personal data will be permanently deleted and cannot be recovered.
* Account deactivation may be an irreversible action. Please proceed carefully.



---



## Confirmation



☐ I understand that deactivating my account will immediately suspend my access to the service and that my personal data will be deleted after 30 days.
☐ I understand that once the 30-day period has passed, my account and data cannot be recovered.



---



### Action Button



[ Request Account Deactivation ]



---



## Additional Information



For more details about how we process and retain personal data, please refer to our
Privacy Policy and related legal disclosures.




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Dormant Account Policy



1. Dormancy Threshold & Configuration



If there is no user activity for *1 year**, the account is automatically marked as dormant.
This inactivity period *must be dynamically configurable** via admin/settings (not hard-coded).



2. Login Behavior for Dormant Users



Dormant users are *allowed to log in**.
Upon login, they are redirected to a *dedicated single page**.
This page displays a *simple informational message** and provides a button to request dormancy reactivation.



3. Reactivation Policy



Once an account becomes dormant, *automatic reactivation is not allowed**.
Reactivation must be performed *explicitly by the user** via the provided flow.



4. Notifications



When an account is transitioned to the *dormant state**, a notification (e.g., email) must be sent to the user.



---



### Account Deactivation Policy



1. UI Text Change



In the user’s *Personal Information / Account Settings** menu,
the “Deactivate Account” text is automatically changed to “Activate Account” once the account is deactivated.



2. Data Deletion After Deactivation



After clicking *Deactivate Account**,
if the user does not click “Activate Account” within 30 days,
all account data will be permanently deleted.



3. Reactivation Flow



When *Activate Account** is clicked, the user is redirected to a dedicated single page.
This page contains a *simple informational message** and a button to proceed with account reactivation.



